                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                      NATIONAL PROSECUTORS SURVEY, 1990                        
                                                                               
                                (ICPSR 9579)                                   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                           Principal Investigator                              
                                                                               
                     United States Department of Justice                       
                        Bureau of Justice Statistics                           
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                             First ICPSR Edition                               
                                 August 1997                                   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                       Inter-university Consortium for                         
                        Political and Social Research                          
                                P.O. Box 1248                                  
                          Ann Arbor, Michigan 48106                            
                                                                               
                                                                              
                                                                               
                                                                              
                                                                               
                             BIBLIOGRAPHIC CITATION                            
                                                                               
                                                                               
            Publications  based  on  ICPSR  data  collections  should          
            acknowledge  those  sources  by  means  of  bibliographic          
            citations.  To ensure that such source  attributions  are          
            captured  for  social  science  bibliographic  utilities,          
            citations must appear in footnotes or  in  the  reference          
            section  of publications.  The bibliographic citation for          
            this data collection is:                                           
                                                                               
                                                                               
                 U.S.  Dept.  of  Justice,  Bureau  of   Justice               
                 Statistics.  NATIONAL  PROSECUTORS SURVEY, 1990               
                 [Computer file]. Conducted by  U.S.   Dept.  of               
                 Commerce,  Bureau  of the Census. ICPSR ed. Ann               
                 Arbor,  MI:   Inter-university  Consortium  for               
                 Political  and  Social  Research  [producer and               
                 distributor], 1997.                                           
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                REQUEST FOR INFORMATION ON USE OF ICPSR RESOURCES              
                                                                               
            To provide funding agencies  with  essential  information          
            about  use  of  archival  resources and to facilitate the          
            exchange  of  information   about   ICPSR   participants'          
            research activities, users of ICPSR data are requested to          
            send to ICPSR bibliographic citations for each  completed          
            manuscript or thesis abstract. Please indicate in a cover          
            letter which data were used.                                       
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                 DATA DISCLAIMER                               
                                                                               
            The original  collector  of  the  data,  ICPSR,  and  the          
            relevant  funding  agency bear no responsibility for uses          
            of this collection or for interpretations  or  inferences          
            based upon such uses.                                              
                                                                               
                                                                              
                                                                               
                                                                              
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      TABLE OF CONTENTS                        
                                                                               
                                                                       PAGE    
                                                                        NO.    
                                                                               
                                                                               
                INTRODUCTION                                                   
                                                                               
                    Data Collection Description                           i    
                                                                               
                    Data Collection Procedures                           iv    
                                                                               
                    Sampling Information                                  v    
                                                                               
                    Weighting Information                               vii    
                                                                               
                    File Structure                                       ix    
                                                                               
                    Codebook Information                                  x    
                                                                               
                    ICPSR Processing Information                        xii    
                                                                               
                VARIABLE DESCRIPTION LIST                              xiii    
                                                                               
                CODEBOOK                                                  1    
                                                                               
                APPENDIX                                                       
                                                                               
                    Note 1: FIPS County Codes by State                   66    
                                                                               
                    Note 2: Q.12s: Other - Specify                      124    
                                                                              
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS - CONTINUED                  
                                                                               
                    Note 3: Q.14(a)4: Other - Specify                   126    
                                                                               
                    Note 4: Q.15, code 4: Other - Specify               127    
                                                                               
                    Note 5: Q.16a3(6): Other - Specify                  128    
                                                                               
                    Note 6: Q.16b5: Other - Specify                     130    
                                                                               
                    Note 7: Q.18c: Other - Specify                      131    
                                                                               
                    Note 8: Q.19, code 4: Other - Specify               132    
                                                                               
                    Note 9: Q.20b, code 1: Yes - Specify who            133    
                                                                               
                    Note 10: Q.21d: Other - Specify                     139    
                                                                               
                    Note 11: Q.23, code 1: Yes - Please describe that          
                             policy                                     143    
                                                                               
                    Note 12: Q.24d: Other - Specify                     149    
                                                                               
                    Note 13: Q.27(a)9: Other - Specify                  150    
                                                                               
                    Note 14: Q.28(3): Other - Specify                   154    
                                                                               
                    Note 15: Q.32, code 5: Other - Specify              155    
                                                                               
                    Note 16: Q.33a: What type of felony matter(s)?             
                             Please specify                             156    
                                                                               
                    Note 17: Q.33c3: From other applicable stage.              
                             Specify stage                              165    
                                                                               
                    Note 18: Q.36a1, code 3: Other - Specify            169    
                                                                              
                                                                               
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS - CONTINUED                  
                                                                               
                    Note 19: Q.36b1, code 3: Other - Specify            171    
                                                                               
                    Note 20: Q.43(d): Other - Specify                   173    
                                                                               
                    Note 21: Notes Section                              175    
                                                                               
                    Note 22: Jurisdictions for Which an Annual                 
                             Report Was Not Available                   177    
                                                                              
                                                                               
                                                                              
                                              i                                
                                                                               
                                        INTRODUCTION                           
                                                                               
                                 DATA COLLECTION DESCRIPTION                   
                                                                               
                     The National Prosecutor Survey Program (NPSP) is a        
                newly-established biennial survey of chief prosecutors in      
                State court systems.  A "chief prosecutor" is an official,     
                usually locally-elected and typically with the title of        
                district attorney or county attorney, who is in charge of a    
                prosecutorial district made up of one or more  counties, and   
                who conducts or supervises the prosecution of felony cases     
                in a State court system.                                       
                                                                               
                     The first NPSP survey was conducted in the summer         
                months of 1990 and yielded the datafile, NATIONAL              
                PROSECUTORS SURVEY, 1990, described in this codebook. The      
                NPSP 1990 survey sample of 290 chief prosecutors were drawn    
                from a total of nearly 2,300 across the country.  The data     
                collection instrument was a mailed questionnaire. The          
                survey's purpose was to obtain detailed descriptive            
                information on prosecutors' offices, as well as information    
                on their policies and practices. It was the first              
                national-level survey of State-court prosecutors since the     
                1974 survey conducted by the National District Attorneys       
                Association (NDAA). An additional purpose was to evaluate      
                changes in variables that were measured in 1974.               
                                                                               
                     The contents of the NPSP-1 questionnaire, used in the     
                NPSP survey of 1990, were based on the questions that had      
                been included on the NDAA questionnaire of 1974 and for        
                which results were available. Principally these questions      
                dealt with the following issues:                               
                                                                               
                        o       How many chief prosecutors are employed        
                                fulltime in that capacity                      
                                                                               
                        o       How many are locally-elected                   
                                                                               
                        o       What term of office a chief prosecutor         
                                normally serves                                
                                                                               
                        o       How many assistant prosecutors there are,      
                                and how many are employed fulltime in that     
                                capacity                                       
                                                                              
                                             ii                                
                                                                               
                        o       How many chief prosecutors have formal plea    
                                bargaining rules                               
                                                                               
                        o       How many chief prosecutors are normally        
                                notified within 24 hours of a felony arrest    
                                                                               
                        o       What types of non-felony matters chief         
                                prosecutors are responsible for                
                                                                               
                        o       How many prosecutors routinely notify          
                                victims, witnesses or the police of the        
                                outcome of cases in which they are involved    
                                                                               
                        o       How many prosecutors review felony charges     
                                before cases are filed in court                
                                                                               
                     Other areas of current concern, covered in 1990 but not   
                1974, include:                                                 
                                                                               
                        o       use of grand juries                            
                                                                               
                        o       uses and problems with criminal history data   
                                                                               
                        o       criminal defense delivery systems              
                                                                               
                        o       speedy trial rules and time limits to bring    
                                cases to trial                                 
                                                                               
                        o       prosecutor's role in sentencing                
                                                                               
                        o       existence of career criminal units             
                                                                               
                        o       use of vertical case assignment                
                                                                               
                        o       role of prosecutor in appellate proceedings    
                                                                               
                     The NPSP-1 questionnaire relied on multiple choice        
                queries, with inclusion of an "other (specify)" provision      
                to find out what other categories applied in actual            
                practice. This codebook provides itemizations of the           
                responses to the "other (specify)" queries.                    
                                                                               
                     Respondents were instructed that the data supplied        
                should relate to a "reference year" running from July 1,       
                1989 to June 30, 1990. If the respondent had data for some     
                other recent one-year time interval, the beginning             
                                                                              
                                             iii                               
                                                                               
                and  end  points  were  to  be  stated.  Almost  all           
                indicated July 1, 1989 to June 30, 1990.                       
                                                                               
                     The survey respondents were asked to provide data for     
                the NJRP county which had been the reason for selection for    
                the NPSP survey. For 190 of the 290 respondents, this focus    
                would present no problem, since their prosecutorial district   
                consists entirely of that county. The other 100, however,      
                have districts comprised of two or more counties, and for      
                them this focus could present difficulties. In Question 8 of   
                the NPSP-1, which asked about staffing, this difficulty was    
                averted by asking for staffing in that county and separately   
                for the entire district. Question 44 asked which questions'    
                responses would be different district-wide, compared to the    
                NJRP county: only Question 13, on number of law enforcement    
                agencies bringing arrests into court, was identified, the      
                implication being that on all questions, except for            
                Questions 8 and 13, the responses apply to the chief           
                prosecutor's entire district.                                  
                                                                              
                                             iv                                
                                                                               
                                 DATA COLLECTION PROCEDURES                    
                                                                               
                     A draft of the NPSP-1 questionnaire was tested in         
                interview sessions with chief prosecutors in four              
                prosecutorial districts and modifications in content and       
                wording of the questions were made based on their reactions.   
                Further improvements in wording were made in consultations     
                between BJS and the Census Bureau.                             
                                                                               
                     The Census Bureau mailed questionnaires to the 290        
                chief prosecutors in the NPSP survey in early Summer, 1990.    
                Responses received from the original mailing, plus follow-up   
                by phone and by mail, netted 289 responses. The data for all   
                NPSP-1 questions for the sole non-respondent were provided     
                by the Census bureau by way of their "hot-deck" procedure,     
                which involved randomly drawing a respondent from the same     
                sampling stratum as the non-respondent, and filling in all     
                missing data for the non-respondent using the data of the      
                hot-deck respondent.                                           
                                                                              
                                              v                                
                                                                               
                                    SAMPLING INFORMATION                       
                                                                               
                     The 290 chief prosecutors in this survey were chosen      
                because they had offices in the 300 counties in the National   
                Judicial Reporting Program (NJRP) survey of felony             
                sentencing in 1988. Since the 300 NJRP counties were a         
                national sample of counties, the prosecutors in those          
                counties were a national sample of chief prosecutors. This     
                seemingly round-about method of sampling got around the fact   
                that no suitable sampling frame of prosecutors is available.   
                In the NJRP sampling frame, or roster, counties are            
                stratified based on annual volume of felony cases during       
                1985. Systematic sampling of counties was carried out within   
                each stratum, each with its own start point and skip           
                interval. This method of sampling counties assured that        
                court operations of all sizes would be represented in the      
                NJRP sample. This also assured that prosecutorial operations   
                of all sizes would be represented in the NPSP sample.          
                                                                               
                     An additional reason for sampling prosecutors using the   
                NJRP county roster was that the prosecutor data could be       
                linked to the felony case data which had already been          
                obtained on those counties in the 1988 survey. This spared     
                the NPSP respondents the burden of supplying case-level        
                data, which was an important consideration since case-level    
                reporting could be unduly burdensome for prosecutors in the    
                smaller districts. It also assured that case data would be     
                collected on a consistent basis.                               
                                                                               
                     One third of the prosecutorial districts in the NPSP      
                sample, and an estimated 20% nationwide, encompass more than   
                one county. This resulted in the following three               
                complications:                                                 
                                                                               
                1.  Some 289 out of 290 chief prosecutors responded to the     
                NPSP-1 questionnaire, but the datafile, NATIONAL PROSECUTORS   
                SURVEY, 1990, has 300 individual county records. Thus the      
                number of records is greater by 11 than the number of          
                repondents. One of those 11 records contain the hot-decked     
                data filled in for the non-respondent. The other 10            
                represent responses from the 9 chief prosecutors in the        
                sample who had more than one NJRP county: of those nine, 8     
                had 2 NJRP counties, and one had 3. Those 9 respondents        
                submitted an original questionnaire that pertains to one       
                county, and a photocopy of the completed questionnaire that    
                pertains to the other (two others, in the case of the one      
                                                                              
                                             vi                                
                                                                               
                respondent with 3 NJRP counties). Differences between          
                counties within district were reflected only on Question 13.   
                From the point of view of analysis of prosecutor data, these   
                10 records can be regarded as duplicates, except for           
                Question 13. The prosecutor sampling weights, VAR 0013, (see   
                below) have been set to zero in those 10 records that are      
                regarded as duplicates. Hence any tabulations or analyses      
                using prosecutor weights will not include those ten records.   
                                                                               
                2.  The total number of felony cases in 1988 were known from   
                the NJRP data collection for any chief prosecutor in the       
                survey whose district was comprised of a single county. But    
                for prosecutors with more than one county, the total for the   
                entire district had to be estimated, based on what was known   
                about the NJRP county in that district. The estimation         
                process took advantage of high degree of statistical           
                correlation between total number of prosecuting attorneys      
                and total number of felony cases found in NJRP counties.       
                This was applied statistically to the total number of          
                prosecuting attorneys district-wide, obtained in the NPSP      
                survey. Using this procedure, the national total number of     
                cases comes within 4% of that already measured in the NJRP     
                survey.                                                        
                                                                               
                3.  For the multi-county districts, district-wide population   
                served by the chief prosecutor was also estimated. Since       
                those counties were identified on the NPSP questionnaire,      
                their sampling strata could be found in the NJRP sampling      
                roster. Average (mode) population by stratum within            
                geographic region were used in place of the missing            
                population data, on the basis of the high degree of            
                correlation between total cases and total population. This     
                procedure produced figures that in the aggregate came within   
                two percent of the actual 1988 national total population.      
                                                                              
                                             vii                               
                                                                               
                                    WEIGHTING INFORMATION                      
                                                                               
                     Sampling weights are used to expand estimates from the    
                sampled cases to estimates for the universe from which the     
                sample was drawn. The sampling weight of a sample case is      
                the inverse of its probability of selection. For example, if   
                a sample unit was chosen as the result of a take one of        
                every ten units procedure, its probability is 0.1 and its      
                weight is ten: i.e. it stands for itself and nine other        
                similar units that were not chosen.                            
                                                                               
                     The datafile contains two weights: VAR 0012 -             
                WEIGHT-COUNTY and VAR 0013- WEIGHT-PROSECUTOR. The former      
                applies to the probability of selection of the prosecutor's    
                NJRP county, the latter to the probability of selection of     
                the prosecutor for NPSP. VAR 0012 should be used for           
                analysis of any rate per case, the latter, VAR 0013, for       
                analysis of rates per prosecutor. VAR 0013 has been set to     
                zero in the case of county records that are duplicates, as     
                explained above.                                               
                                                                               
                     The two probabilities are the same in the case of 190     
                of the 290 chief prosecutors whose districts are comprised     
                entirely of an NJRP county. They are different if the          
                prosecutor has responsibility for more than one county; in     
                such a case, the probability of being selected in the NPSP     
                survey was the probability of that official's county being     
                sampled for NJRP. Such a prosecutor likewise had more than     
                more chance of being in the NPSP sample. While the NJRP        
                sampling of counties was a systematic sampling without         
                replacement of counties within county strata, the sampling     
                of chief prosecutors was the equivalent of a non-stratified    
                sampling with replacement of chief prosecutors. It is as if    
                the prosecutors were sampled from a single list, on which      
                they could appear more than once, and in which there was a     
                succession of six random-starts and six different take-rates   
                or various parts of the list, corresponding to the             
                start-points and take-rates of the six NJRP strata in which    
                units were sampled by chance.                                  
                                                                               
                     The prosecutor weights had to be computed only after      
                the survey responses were in, as the Question 4 responses      
                indicated which respondents had more than one county, and      
                what the names of those counties are - information that was    
                not known in advance of the survey.                            
                                                                              
                                            viii                               
                                                                               
                When more than the NJRP county was named, the counties names   
                on the questionnaire were referred to the findings of the      
                1985 Census of State Courts, on which basis the NJRP stratum   
                of every county in the country was established. The strata     
                of a prosecutor's various counties indicated what selection    
                probabilities were involved, and that official's NPSP          
                selection probability could be computed using the formula      
                below.                                                         
                                                                               
                     The formula for the probability of selection of a         
                prosecutor through the NJRP sampling process, given that the   
                prosecutor's district is made up of  k  counties, denoted      
                symbolically as C1 thru Ck, is as follows:                     
                                                                               
                P(selection of a particular prosecutor with  k  counties) =    
                                                                               
                     P(at least one of C1,C2,..., Ck being selected) =         
                                                                               
                   P(C1) +  1-P(C1) *P(C2) +  1-P(C1) * 1-P(C2) *P(C3)         
                   + ... +   1-P(C1) * 1-P(C2) * 1-P(C3)                       
                     * ... * 1-P(Ck-1) *P(Ck)                                  
                                                                               
                (See, e.g., p. 9, M. Loeve, Probability Theory, 3rd ed.,       
                1963.)                                                         
                                                                               
                     Any particular probability P(Ci) is the reciprocal of     
                the take-rate of the NJRP stratum in with that county is       
                situated. This algorithm was programmed in BASIC and run on    
                a PC at BJS, the outputs being the WEIGHT-PROSECUTOR values    
                in NATIONAL PROSECUTORS SURVEY, 1990.                          
                                                                              
                                             ix                                
                                                                               
                                       FILE STRUCTURE                          
                                                                               
                     The NATIONAL PROSECUTORS SURVEY, 1990 is available from   
                ICPSR in two formats:  card image and OSIRIS.  The card        
                image file contains several decks per case in a format based   
                on 80 column punched cards.  The data are sorted by case       
                with all decks for a case together in ascending order.         
                                                                               
                     The OSIRIS dictionary gives the format and other          
                information for each variable in the OSIRIS data file.  The    
                dictionary or dictionary-codebook file is used in              
                conjunction with the OSIRIS software package.  The OSIRIS      
                data file is constructed with a single logical record for      
                each case.  There are 171 variables on 300 cases.              
                                                                               
                      The OSIRIS data file can be accessed directly through    
                software packages or programs which do not use the OSIRIS      
                dictionary by specifying the tape locations of the desired     
                variables.  These tape locations are given in the OSIRIS       
                dictionary-codebook.                                           
                                                                               
                      ICPSR has also prepared SPSS control cards for the       
                OSIRIS data file. These conrol cards contain formating         
                information as well as missing data declarations, variable     
                labels, and value labels.                                      
                                                                              
                                              x                                
                                                                               
                                    CODEBOOK INFORMATION                       
                                                                               
                     The example below is a reproduction of information        
                appearing in the machine-readable codebook for a typical       
                variable.  The numbers in brackets do not appear but are       
                references to the descriptions which follow this example.      
                                                                               
                ............................................................   
                                                                               
                 1  VAR 0023   2  PROSECUTOR:TERM LENGTH   3  MD=9             
                    REF 0023       4  LOC 101   WIDTH 1   5  DK 2 COL ??       
                                                                               
                    6  Q.6 How long is the prosecutor's term of office?        
                       ------------------------------------------              
                                                                               
                        7    8                                                 
                                                                               
                        2.  Two years                                          
                        4.  Four years                                         
                        5.  Five years                                         
                        6.  Six years                                          
                        8.  Eight years                                        
                                                                               
                        9.  Not Ascertained                                    
                                                                               
                ............................................................   
                                                                               
                  1   Indicates the variable and reference numbers.            
                      A variable number and a reference number are             
                      assigned to each variable in the data collection.        
                      In the present codebook which documents the              
                      archived data collection these numbers are               
                      identical.  Should the data be subsetted or              
                      rearranged by an OSIRIS program (e.g., MMP to            
                      intersperse data from another source, or TCOT to         
                      produce an analysis deck), the variable numbers          
                      would change to reflect the order of the new data        
                      collection, while the reference number would remain      
                      unchanged to reflect the variable number in the          
                      codebook describing the archived data collection.        
                                                                              
                                             xi                                
                                                                               
                  2   Indicates the abbreviated variable name (maximum         
                      of 24 characters) used in the OSIRIS system to           
                      identify the variable for the user.  An expanded         
                      version of the variable name can be found in the         
                      variable description list.                               
                                                                               
                  3   Indicates the code values of missing data.  In           
                      this example, code values equal to 9 are missing data    
                      (MD=9). Alternative statements for other variables       
                      are "MD=0," "MD GE 9," or "NO MISSING DATA CODES."       
                      Some analysis software packages (including the OSIRIS    
                      software package) require that certain types of data     
                      which the user desires to be excluded from analysis      
                      be designated as "MISSING DATA," e.g., inappropriate,    
                      unascertained, unascertainable, or ambiguous data        
                      categories.  Although these codes are defined as         
                      missing data categories, this does not mean that the     
                      user should not or cannot use them in a substantive      
                      role if so desired.                                      
                                                                               
                  4   Indicates the starting location and width of this        
                      variable when the data are stored on a magnetic tape     
                      in the OSIRIS format.  If the variable is of a           
                      multiple-response type, the width referenced is that     
                      of a single response.  In this example the variable      
                      named "PROSECUTOR:TERM LENGTH" is one column wide        
                      and is located in the 101th column within the record.    
                                                                               
                  5   Indicates the location by deck and column(s) of          
                      this variable when the data are stored on cards or in    
                      card-image format (80-column format)                     
                                                                               
                  6   This is the full text (question) supplied by the         
                      investigator to describe the variable.  The question     
                      text and the numbers and letters that may appear at      
                      the beginning reflect the original wording of the        
                      questionnaire item.                                      
                                                                               
                 7   Indicates the code values occurring in the data for       
                      this variable.                                           
                                                                               
                 8   Indicates the textual definitions of the codes.           
                      Abbreviations commonly used in the code definitions      
                      are "DK" (Do Not Know), "NA" (Not Ascertained), and      
                      "INAP" (Inappropriate).                                  
                                                                              
                                             xii                               
                                                                               
                                ICPSR PROCESSING INFORMATION                   
                                                                               
                     The data collection was processed according to standard   
                ICPSR processing procedures.  The data were checked for        
                illegal code values which, when found, were recoded to         
                missing data values.  No consistency checks were performed.    
                Statements bracketed in " " and " " signs in the body of the   
                codebook were added by the processors for explanatory          
                purposes.                                                      
                                                                              
                                            xiii                               
                                                                               
                                  VARIABLE DESCRIPTION LIST                    
                                                                               
                     ICPSR VARIABLES                                           
                                                                               
                  1  ICPSR Study Number--9579                                  
                  2  ICPSR Edition Number                                      
                  3  ICPSR Part Number                                         
                  4  ICPSR Sequential Case Identification Number               
                                                                               
                     SECTION A: GENERAL INFORMATION                            
                                                                               
                  5 Jurisdiction ID--First Nine Digits                         
                  6 Jurisdiction ID--Last Eight Digits                         
                  7 Jurisdiction Name                                          
                  8 State (Postal Abbreviation)                                
                  9 FIPS (Five-digit Code)                                     
                 10 Region                                                     
                 11 Strata                                                     
                 12 County Weight                                              
                 13 Prosecutor Weight                                          
                 14 Population                                                 
                 15 Beginning of Reference Year: Month                         
                 16 Beginning of Reference Year: Day                           
                 17 Beginning of Reference Year: Year                          
                 18 End of Reference Year: Month                               
                 19 End of Reference Year: Day                                 
                 20 End of Reference Year: Year                                
                 21 Q.4. How many jurisdictions (counties or independent       
                    cities) are included in your prosecutorial district?       
                 22 Q.5. Is the office of prosecutor an elective position?     
                 23 Q.6. How long is the prosecutor's term of office?          
                 24 Q.7. Is the Prosecutor position full-time?                 
                                                                               
                    Q.8. How many of the following types of staff members      
                    are employed in your office?                               
                                                                               
                    Q.8a. Attorneys (including the prosecutor):                
                                                                               
                 25 Q.8a(1). Jurisdiction named in mailing label: Full-time    
                 26 Q.8a(2). Jurisdiction named in mailing label: Part-time    
                 27 Q.8a(3). Total district (if multi-jurisdictions):          
                    Full-time                                                  
                 28 Q.8a(4). Total district (if multi-jurisdictions):          
                    Part-time                                                  
                                                                              
                                             xiv                               
                                                                               
                                  VARIABLE DESCRIPTION LIST                    
                                                                               
                    Q.8b. Investigators:                                       
                                                                               
                 29 Q.8b(1). Jurisdiction named in mailing label: Full-time    
                 30 Q.8b(2). Jurisdiction named in mailing label: Part-time    
                                                                               
                 31 Q.8b(3). Total district (if multi-jurisdictions):          
                    Full-time                                                  
                 32 Q.8b(4). Total district (if multi-jurisdictions):          
                    Part-time                                                  
                                                                               
                 33 Q.9. How much of your felony caseload do you assign on a   
                    vertical basis?                                            
                 34 Q.9(a). Do you have a "career criminal" prosecution        
                    unit?                                                      
                 35 Q.10. In criminal cases involving both State and           
                    Federal jurisdiction, would you ordinarily be              
                    cross-designated to represent the prosecution in           
                    both courts?                                               
                 36 Q.10a. In your jurisdiction, were there any such cases     
                    during the reference year?                                 
                 37 Q.10b. Were there any in which you participated in the     
                    prosecution in Federal court?                              
                 38 Q.11. Is the State's Attorney General entitled to try      
                    cases in your jurisdiction's felony court?                 
                 39 Q.11a. Did that official do so during the reference        
                    year?                                                      
                 40 Q.11b. Would you normally enter an appearance in such a    
                    case?                                                      
                                                                               
                    Q.12. In other than felony matters, do you have            
                    responsibility for or jurisdiction over any of the         
                    following?                                                 
                                                                               
                 41 Q.12a. Juveniles                                           
                 42 Q.12b. Family and domestic relations                       
                 43 Q.12c. Mental commitments                                  
                 44 Q.12d. Paternity                                           
                 45 Q.12e. Citizen complaints                                  
                 46 Q.12f. Consumer protection                                 
                 47 Q.12g. Environmental protection                            
                 48 Q.12h. Non-criminal cases (injunctions and suits for       
                    damages)                                                   
                 49 Q.12i. Uniform Reciprocal Enforcement Support Act          
                    (URESA)                                                    
                 50 Q.12j. Non-support                                         
                 51 Q.12k. Traffic                                             
                 52 Q.12l. Suits for collection of taxes                       
                 53 Q.12m. Public nuisance                                     
                 54 Q.12n. Condemnation                                        
                                                                              
                                             xv                                
                                                                               
                                  VARIABLE DESCRIPTION LIST                    
                                                                               
                 55 Q.12o. Extradition                                         
                 56 Q.12p. Forfeitures                                         
                 57 Q.12q. Bad checks                                          
                 58 Q.12r. Ordinances other than any above                     
                 59 Q.12s. Other - Specify                                     
                                                                               
                 60 Q.13. How many law enforcement agencies bring arrests      
                    into court in your jurisdiction?                           
                 61 Q.14. During the reference year, were any felony           
                    defendants in your jurisdiction provided an                
                    attorney on grounds of indigency?                          
                                                                               
                    Q.14(a). Which type of defense delivery system was used?   
                                                                               
                 62 Q.14(a)1. Assigned counsel                                 
                 63 Q.14(a)2. Public defender                                  
                 64 Q.14(a)3. Contract with individual private attorneys,      
                    private firms, or local bar associations                   
                 65 Q.14(a)4. Other - Specify                                  
                                                                               
                 66 Q.15. In most cases of adult felons sentenced to           
                    probation in your jurisdiction, who supervises the         
                    probationer?                                               
                 67 Q.16. Is criminal history data normally of practical       
                    value to you in felony prosecutions?                       
                                                                               
                    Q.16a. Criminal History -                                  
                                                                               
                    Q.16a1. Kind(s) of information used?                       
                                                                               
                 68 Q.16a1(1). Arrests                                         
                 69 Q.16a1(2). Dispositions                                    
                                                                               
                    Q.16a2. Source(s) of information used?                     
                                                                               
                 70 Q.16a2(1). Your agency                                     
                 71 Q.16a2(2). FBI                                             
                 72 Q.16a2(3). State repository                                
                 73 Q.16a2(4). Local police                                    
                                                                               
                    Q.16a3. Stage(s) when used?                                
                                                                               
                 74 Q.16a3(1). At bail hearings                                
                 75 Q.16a3(2). At preliminary hearing                          
                 76 Q.16a3(3). When filing charges                             
                 77 Q.16a3(4). Pretrial negotiations                           
                 78 Q.16a3(5). Sentencing                                      
                 79 Q.16a3(6). Other - Specify                                 
                                                                              
                                             xvi                               
                                                                               
                                  VARIABLE DESCRIPTION LIST                    
                                                                               
                    Q.16b. Please indicate major problems with any of the      
                    above sources or kinds of information.                     
                                                                               
                 80 Q.16b(1). Timeliness                                       
                 81 Q.16b(2). Completeness                                     
                 82 Q.16b(3). Accuracy                                         
                 83 Q.16b(4). Privacy restrictions                             
                 84 Q.16b(5). Other - Specify                                  
                                                                               
                    SECTION B: INFORMATION ABOUT THE PRE-FILING                
                    PHASE OF FELONY PROSECUTION                                
                                                                               
                 85 Q.17. In most cases, when are you officially notified      
                    of persons arrested for a felony?                          
                                                                               
                    Q.18. Please give a percentage breakdown of felony         
                    arrests in your jurisdiction according to type of          
                    screening.                                                 
                                                                               
                 86 Q.18a. Prosecutor reviews felony arrests before charges    
                    are filed in court to determine if court charges should    
                    be filed and what the proper charges should be             
                 87 Q.18b. Initial review by prosecutor of felony arrests      
                    that occur after charges have already been filed in        
                    court                                                      
                 88 Q.18c. Other - Specify                                     
                 89 Q.18d. Total (must be equal to 100 percent)                
                                                                               
                 90 Q.19. In most cases, where does felony case screening      
                    take place?                                                
                 91 Q.20. Do you have a grand jury as a regular part of the    
                    criminal justice system?                                   
                 92 Q.20a. Are you entitled by law to appear before the        
                    grand jury?                                                
                 93 Q.20b. Is anyone other than you entitled by law to         
                    appear before the grand jury?                              
                 94 Q.20c. During the reference year, did you personally       
                    appear before the grand jury in a majority of cases        
                    in which felony indictments were returned?                 
                 95 Q.20d. During the reference year, were there any           
                    indictments of misdemeanors (versus felonies)?             
                 96 Q.20e. Is your signature on an indictment required for     
                    filing?                                                    
                 97 Q.20f. Before submission of a felony matter to a grand     
                    jury, is there normally a judicial determination of        
                    probable cause?                                            
                 98 Q.20f(1). Determination is normally made in...             
                                                                              
                                            xvii                               
                                                                               
                                  VARIABLE DESCRIPTION LIST                    
                                                                               
                    SECTION C: QUESTIONS ABOUT FILING AND PRE-TRIAL            
                    STAGES                                                     
                                                                               
                    Q.21. What percent of felony case filings in your          
                    court were -                                               
                                                                               
                 99 Q.21a. By grand jury indictment or presentment?            
                100 Q.21b. By information following a preliminary hearing?     
                101 Q.21c. By information following defendant's waiver of      
                    indictment or preliminary hearing?                         
                                                                               
                102 Q.21d. Other - Specify                                     
                103 Q.21e. Total (must equal 100 percent)                      
                                                                               
                104 Q.22. Do you have explicit criteria on the extent to       
                    which your staff attorneys may engage in plea              
                    negotiations?                                              
                105 Q.23. Do you have a policy limiting the time for plea      
                    negotiations?                                              
                                                                               
                    Q.24. What percentage of felony cases in your              
                    jurisdiction during the reference year were:               
                                                                               
                106 Q.24a. Processed entirely within a court of general        
                    jurisdiction that handles all cases of record (civil,      
                    criminal, equitable, etc.)?                                
                107 Q.24b. Processed by a felony court that handles all        
                    phases of a felony case?                                   
                108 Q.24c. Processed initially in a lower court and then       
                    later transferred to an upper court? (A "lower" court      
                    may either be a misdemeanor court or in some places a      
                    court of general jurisdiction.)                            
                109 Q.24d. Other - Specify                                     
                110 Q.24e. Total (must equal 100 percent)                      
                                                                               
                    SECTION D: QUESTIONS ABOUT THE TRIAL PHASE OF FELONY       
                    PROSECUTION                                                
                                                                               
                111 Q.25. Does your felony court discourage motions on         
                    trial date that would delay trial?                         
                112 Q.25(a). In which type of trial?                           
                113 Q.26. Will your felony court normally grant a              
                    continuance on trial date to permit additional time        
                    for plea negotiations?                                     
                114 Q.26(a). In which type of trial?                           
                115 Q.27. Do you routinely receive information about           
                    prospective jurors in advance of voir dire                 
                    examination?                                               
                                                                              
                                            xviii                              
                                                                               
                                  VARIABLE DESCRIPTION LIST                    
                                                                               
                    Q.27(a). What does this information consist of?            
                                                                               
                116 Q.27(a)1. Name                                             
                117 Q.27(a)2. Address                                          
                118 Q.27(a)3. Occupation                                       
                119 Q.27(a)4. Age                                              
                120 Q.27(a)5. Marital status                                   
                121 Q.27(a)6. Spouse name                                      
                122 Q.27(a)7. Spouse occupation                                
                123 Q.27(a)8. Education level                                  
                124 Q.27(a)9. Other - Specify                                  
                                                                               
                    Q.28. In most felony cases, who conducts voir dire         
                    examination of prospective jurors?                         
                                                                               
                125 Q.28(1). Court                                             
                126 Q.28(2). Attorneys                                         
                127 Q.28(3). Other - Specify                                   
                                                                               
                    Q.29. How many peremptory challenges are permitted in      
                    non-capital felony cases?                                  
                                                                               
                128 Q.29a. For prosecution                                     
                129 Q.29b. For defense                                         
                                                                               
                130 Q.30. In your jurisdiction, does the prosecution have      
                    the right to request a jury trial in a case of a person    
                    charged with a felony?                                     
                131 Q.30(a). Did the prosecution exercise this right at any    
                    time during the last 12 months?                            
                132 Q.31. All other things being equal, are guilty plea        
                    felony cases normally disposed of faster (from arrest      
                    to conviction) than bench trials that result in felony     
                    convictions?                                               
                133 Q.32. In most felony cases, who is responsible for         
                    notifying government witnesses to appear in court?         
                134 Q.33. Is there any type of felony matter in your           
                    jurisdiction for which you are under a limit on time       
                    allowed to commence trial (i.e., speedy trial)?            
                135 Q.33b. Does applicability of this limit depend on          
                    bail status?                                               
                                                                               
                    Q.33c. In most cases subject to this limit, how            
                    many days do you have to commence trial?                   
                                                                               
                136 Q.33c1. From arrest                                        
                137 Q.33c2. From filing                                        
                138 Q.33c3. From other applicable stage                        
                                                                              
                                             xix                               
                                                                               
                                  VARIABLE DESCRIPTION LIST                    
                                                                               
                139 Q.33d. How many cases were dismissed during the            
                    reference year because of failure to meet this             
                    limit?                                                     
                                                                               
                    SECTION E: QUESTIONS CONCERNING FELONY SENTENCING          
                                                                               
                140 Q.34. Is the prosecutor usually present at felony          
                    sentence proceeding in your jurisdiction?                  
                141 Q.35. In most felony convictions does the judge order      
                    a presentence report?                                      
                142 Q.35(a). Does the prosecutor have a right to see it?       
                                                                               
                    Q.36. In most felony cases involving victims, is victim    
                    information -                                              
                                                                               
                143 Q.36a. Requested by the court?                             
                144 Q.36a1 How is it requested?                                
                145 Q.36b. Provided to the court?                              
                146 Q.36b1. How is it provided?                                
                                                                               
                147 Q.37. In felony cases in your jurisdiction, does the       
                    prosecutor normally recommend a type or duration of        
                    sentence to be imposed?                                    
                                                                               
                    Q.37(1). Is a choice of recommendation substantially       
                    influenced by any of the following?                        
                                                                               
                148 Q.37(1)a. Voluntary sentencing guidelines                  
                149 Q.37(1)b. Presumptive sentencing guidelines                
                150 Q.37(1)c. Mandatory minimum incarceration                  
                151 Q.37(1)d. Parole policies or practices                     
                152 Q.37(1)e. Plea bargain bans                                
                153 Q.37(1)f. Appellate sentence review                        
                154 Q.37(1)g. Sentencing policies or practices in other        
                    jurisdictions                                              
                                                                               
                155 Q.39. In adult felony probation cases, may the judge       
                    retain jurisdiction over the defendant after commitment    
                    to the department of corrections?                          
                                                                               
                    Q.40. Do you routinely notify the following of             
                    disposition of felony cases?                               
                                                                               
                156 Q.40(a). Police                                            
                157 Q.40(b). Victim                                            
                158 Q.40(c). Witnesses                                         
                                                                              
                                             xx                                
                                                                               
                                  VARIABLE DESCRIPTION LIST                    
                                                                               
                159 Q.41. Do you routinely receive official notification of    
                    the release of an incarcerated felon who was convicted     
                    in your jurisdiction?                                      
                                                                               
                    SECTION F: QUESTIONS CONCERNING APPEAL                     
                                                                               
                    Q.42. When criminal convictions are appealed by            
                    defendants, are you normally involved in any of the        
                    following types of appellate work?                         
                                                                               
                    Q.42a. Filing briefs                                       
                                                                               
                160 Q.42a(1). Federal court (any level)                        
                161 Q.42a(2). Highest State court of appeals                   
                162 Q.42a(3). Other State court                                
                                                                               
                    Q.42b. Oral argument                                       
                                                                               
                163 Q.42b(1). Federal court (any level)                        
                164 Q.42b(2). Highest State court of appeals                   
                165 Q.42b(3). Other State court                                
                                                                               
                    Q.43. Does the prosecutor have any right of appeal in      
                    felony cases-                                              
                                                                               
                166 Q.43(a). From rulings on motions?                          
                167 Q.43(b). From sentences?                                   
                168 Q.43(c). From determinations of guilt or innocence?        
                                                                               
                169 Q.44. Do the answers to any of the above questions         
                    refer to  your entire prosecutorial district instead       
                    of the jurisdiction named on the mailing label?            
                                                                               
                    NJRP VARIABLES                                             
                                                                               
                170 Population Served by Prosecutor                            
                171 Number of Felony Convictions                               
                                                                          1   
                                                                               
                DECK IDENTIFICATION NUMBER IS '01'            DK   1 COL   1- 2
                ----------------------------------                             
                                                                               
             VAR 0001      ICPSR STUDY NUMBER          NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0001         LOC    1 WIDTH  4             DK   1 COL  3- 6   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                ICPSR Study Number--9579                                       
                ------------------------                                       
                                                                               
                    9579.  The ICPSR has attached this number as a unique      
                           data collection identification number.              
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0002      ICPSR EDITION NUMBER        NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0002         LOC    5 WIDTH  1             DK   1 COL  7      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                ICPSR Edition Number                                           
                --------------------                                           
                                                                               
                This number identifies the release edition of the data         
                collection.                                                    
                                                                               
                    1.  December 1991 release                                  
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0003      ICPSR PART NUMBER           NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0003         LOC    6 WIDTH  1             DK   1 COL  8      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                ICPSR Part Number                                              
                -----------------                                              
                                                                               
                The number identifying this part of a 1-part data              
                collection.                                                    
                                                                               
                1.  Part 1                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0004      ICPSR SEQ ID NUMBER         NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0004         LOC    7 WIDTH  3             DK   1 COL  9-11   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                ICPSR Sequential Case Identification Number                    
                -------------------------------------------                    
            2                                                                 
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                                                                               
                The ICPSR has attached a sequential identification number to   
                every case. This number uniquely identifies each case in the   
                data collection.                                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0005      JURIS ID:1ST 9 DIGITS                        MD=0   
             REF 0005         LOC   10 WIDTH  9             DK   1 COL 12-20   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Jurisdiction ID--First Nine Digits                             
                ----------------------------------                             
                                                                               
                 Jurisdiction ID was broken up into two adjacent variables     
                due to its large size. This variable contains the first nine   
                digits of the original 17-digit Jurisdiction ID. The next      
                variable contains the last eight digits.                       
                                                                               
                                                                               
                For the public use file, the data have been masked by the      
                ICPSR due to issues relating to the confidentiality of         
                respondents.                                                   
                                                                               
                    0.  Masking code for the public use file                   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                For the private use file:                                      
                                                                               
                Actual number is coded.                                        
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0006      JURIS ID:LAST 8 DIGITS                       MD=0   
             REF 0006         LOC   19 WIDTH  8             DK   1 COL 21-28   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Jurisdiction ID--Last Eight Digits                             
                ----------------------------------                             
                                                                               
                 Jurisdiction ID was broken up into two adjacent variables     
                due to its large size. This variable contains the last eight   
                digits of the original 17-digit Jurisdiction ID. The           
                preceding variable contains the first nine digits.             
                                                                               
                                                                               
                For the public use file, the data have been masked by the      
                ICPSR due to issues relating to the confidentiality of         
                respondents.                                                   
                                                                               
                                                                          3   
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                                                                               
                    0.  Masking code for the public use file                   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                For the private use file:                                      
                                                                               
                Actual number is coded.                                        
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0007      JURISDICTION NAME           NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0007         LOC   27 WIDTH 30             DK   1 COL 29-58   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Jurisdiction Name                                              
                -----------------                                              
                                                                               
                Alphabetic variable.                                           
                                                                               
                                                                               
                For the public use file, the data have been masked by the      
                ICPSR due to issues relating to the confidentiality of         
                respondents.                                                   
                                                                               
                Data have been masked with blanks.                             
                                                                               
                                                                               
                For the private use file:                                      
                                                                               
                Actual name is coded.                                          
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0008      STATE                       NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0008         LOC   57 WIDTH  2             DK   1 COL 59-60   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                State (Postal Abbreviation)                                    
                ---------------------------                                    
                                                                               
                Alphabetic variable.                                           
                                                                               
                                                                               
                For the public use file, the data have been masked by the      
                ICPSR due to issues relating to the confidentiality of         
                respondents.                                                   
                                                                               
                Data have been masked with blanks.                             
                                                                               
                                                                               
            4                                                                 
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                                                                               
                For the private use file:                                      
                AL.   Alabama                                                  
                AK.   Alaska                                                   
                AZ.   Arizona                                                  
                AR.   Arkansas                                                 
                CA.   California                                               
                CO.   Colorado                                                 
                CT.   Connecticut                                              
                DE.   Delaware                                                 
                FL.   Florida                                                  
                GA.   Georgia                                                  
                HI.   Hawaii                                                   
                ID.   Idaho                                                    
                IL.   Illinois                                                 
                IN.   Indiana                                                  
                IA.   Iowa                                                     
                KS.   Kansas                                                   
                KY.   Kentucky                                                 
                LA.   Louisiana                                                
                ME.   Maine                                                    
                MD.   Maryland                                                 
                MA.   Massachusetts                                            
                MI.   Michigan                                                 
                MN.   Minnesota                                                
                MS.   Mississippi                                              
                MO.   Missouri                                                 
                MT.   Montana                                                  
                NE.   Nebraska                                                 
                NV.   Nevada                                                   
                NH.   New Hampshire                                            
                NJ.   New Jersey                                               
                NM.   New Mexico                                               
                NY.   New York                                                 
                NC.   North Carolina                                           
                ND.   North Dakota                                             
                OH.   Ohio                                                     
                OK.   Oklahoma                                                 
                OR.   Oregon                                                   
                PA.   Pennsylvania                                             
                RI.   Rhode Island                                             
                SC.   South Carolina                                           
                SD.   South Dakota                                             
                TN.   Tennessee                                                
                TX.   Texas                                                    
                UT.   Utah                                                     
                VT.   Vermont                                                  
                VA.   Virginia                                                 
                WA.   Washington                                               
                WV.   West Virginia                                            
                                                                               
                                                                          5   
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                WI.   Wisconsin                                                
                WY.   Wyoming                                                  
                DC.   District of Columbia                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0009      FIPS                                     MD=99999   
             REF 0009         LOC   59 WIDTH  5             DK   1 COL 61-65   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                FIPS (Five-digit Code)                                         
                ----------------------                                         
                                                                               
                                                                               
                For the public use file, the data have been masked by the      
                ICPSR due to issues relating to the confidentiality of         
                respondents.                                                   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                    99999.  Masking code for the public use file               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                For the private use file:                                      
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 1                                                  
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0010      REGION                      NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0010         LOC   64 WIDTH  1             DK   1 COL 66      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Region                                                         
                ------                                                         
                                                                               
                    1.  Northeast: Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New      
                        Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode   
                        Island, Vermont                                        
                    2.  Midwest: Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota,   
                        Michigan, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, Ohio,      
                        South Dakota, Wisconsin                                
                    3.  South: Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of        
                        Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,       
                        Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Oklahoma,       
                        South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, West       
                        Virginia                                               
                    4.  West: Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Hawaii,   
                        Idaho, Montana, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah,      
                                                                               
            6                                                                 
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                        Washington, Wyoming                                    
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0011      STRATA                      NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0011         LOC   65 WIDTH  1             DK   1 COL 67      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Strata                                                         
                ------                                                         
                                                                               
                    1.  Stratum 1 (certainty stratum): 19 counties with most   
                        convictions, plus 12 whose participation was           
                        prearranged.                                           
                    2.  Stratum 2 (noncertainty stratum): 44 most populous     
                        counties not in stratum 1                              
                    3.  Stratum 3 (certainty stratum): 2,000+ convictions      
                        per county                                             
                    4.  Stratum 4 (noncertainty stratum): 950-1,999            
                        convictions per county                                 
                    5.  Stratum 5 (noncertainty stratum): 450-949              
                        convictions per county                                 
                    6.  Stratum 6 (noncertainty stratum): 210-449              
                        convictions per county                                 
                    7.  Stratum 7 (noncertainty stratum): 70-209 convictions   
                        per county                                             
                    8.  Stratum 8 (noncertainty stratum): 0-69 convictions     
                        per county                                             
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0012      WEIGHT-COUNTY               NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0012         LOC   66 WIDTH  8             DK   1 COL 68-75   
                                                   IMP DEC=  6                 
                                                                               
                County Weight                                                  
                -------------                                                  
                                                                               
                This weight, the inverse of the probability of selection of    
                a county, is for analyses on a per-county basis.               
                                                                               
                Actual weight is coded.                                        
                                                                               
                DECK IDENTIFICATION NUMBER IS '02'            DK   2 COL   1- 2
                ----------------------------------                             
                                                                               
                                                                          7   
                                                                               
             VAR 0001      ICPSR STUDY NUMBER          NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0001         LOC    1 WIDTH  4             DK   2 COL  3- 6   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                ICPSR Study Number--9579                                       
                ------------------------                                       
                                                                               
                    9579.  The ICPSR has attached this number as a unique      
                           data collection identification number.              
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0002      ICPSR EDITION NUMBER        NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0002         LOC    5 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL  7      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                ICPSR Edition Number                                           
                --------------------                                           
                                                                               
                This number identifies the release edition of the data         
                collection.                                                    
                                                                               
                    1.  December 1991 release                                  
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0003      ICPSR PART NUMBER           NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0003         LOC    6 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL  8      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                ICPSR Part Number                                              
                -----------------                                              
                                                                               
                The number identifying this part of a 1-part data              
                collection.                                                    
                                                                               
                1.  Part 1                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0004      ICPSR SEQ ID NUMBER         NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0004         LOC    7 WIDTH  3             DK   2 COL  9-11   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                ICPSR Sequential Case Identification Number                    
                -------------------------------------------                    
                                                                               
                The ICPSR has attached a sequential identification number to   
                                                                               
            8                                                                 
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                every case. This number uniquely identifies each case in the   
                data collection.                                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0013      WEIGHT-PROSECUTOR           NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0013         LOC   74 WIDTH  8             DK   2 COL 12-19   
                                                   IMP DEC=  6                 
                                                                               
                Prosecutor Weight                                              
                -----------------                                              
                                                                               
                This weight is for analyses on a per-prosecutor basis. For     
                single-county prosecutorial districts, VAR 13 is the same as   
                VAR 12. Ten cases that, for per-prosecutor purposes, are       
                duplicates have been given a zero weight.                      
                                                                               
                Actual weight is coded.                                        
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0014      POPULATION                  NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0014         LOC   82 WIDTH  7             DK   2 COL 20-26   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Population                                                     
                ----------                                                     
                                                                               
                Actual population is coded.                                    
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0015      REF DATE START:MONTH        NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0015         LOC   89 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 27      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Beginning of Reference Year: Month                             
                ----------------------------------                             
                                                                               
                    1.  January                                                
                    6.  June                                                   
                    7.  July                                                   
                    9.  September                                              
                                                                               
                                                                          9   
                                                                               
             VAR 0016      REF DATE START:DAY          NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0016         LOC   90 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 28      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Beginning of Reference Year: Day                               
                --------------------------------                               
                                                                               
                    1.  First day of the month                                 
                    2.  Second day of the month                                
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0017      REF DATE START:YEAR         NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0017         LOC   91 WIDTH  2             DK   2 COL 29-30   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Beginning of Reference Year: Year                              
                ---------------------------------                              
                                                                               
                    88.  1988                                                  
                    89.  1989                                                  
                    90.  1990                                                  
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0018      REF DATE END:MONTH          NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0018         LOC   93 WIDTH  2             DK   2 COL 31-32   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                End of Reference Year: Month                                   
                ----------------------------                                   
                                                                               
                    05.  May                                                   
                    06.  June                                                  
                    08.  August                                                
                    10.  October                                               
                    12.  December                                              
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0019      REF DATE END:DAY            NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0019         LOC   95 WIDTH  2             DK   2 COL 33-34   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                End of Reference Year: Day                                     
                --------------------------                                     
                                                                               
                                                                               
            10                                                                
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                    29.  Twenty-ninth day of the month                         
                    30.  Thirtieth day of the month                            
                    31.  Thirty-first day of the month                         
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0020      REF DATE END:YEAR           NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0020         LOC   97 WIDTH  2             DK   2 COL 35-36   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                End of Reference Year: Year                                    
                ---------------------------                                    
                                                                               
                    89.  1989                                                  
                    90.  1990                                                  
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0021      NUMBER OF JURISDICTIONS     NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0021         LOC   99 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 37      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.4  How many jurisdictions (counties or independent cities)   
                are included in your prosecutorial district?                   
                ------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                                               
                    1.  One jurisdiction                                       
                        .                                                      
                        .                                                      
                                                                               
                    8.  Eight jurisdictions                                    
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0022      PROSECUTOR:ELECTV POSITN    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0022         LOC  100 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 38      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.5  Is the office of prosecutor an elective position?         
                ------------------------------------------------------         
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                                                                         11   
                                                                               
             VAR 0023      PROSECUTOR:TERM LENGTH                       MD=9   
             REF 0023         LOC  101 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 39      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.6  How long is the prosecutor's term of office?              
                -------------------------------------------------              
                                                                               
                    2.  Two years                                              
                    4.  Four years                                             
                    5.  Five years                                             
                    6.  Six years                                              
                    8.  Eight years                                            
                                                                               
                    9.  Not ascertained                                        
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0024      PROSECUTOR:FULL-TIME        NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0024         LOC  102 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 40      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.7  Is the prosecutor position full-time?                     
                ------------------------------------------                     
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0025      JURIS:ATTY FULL-TIME        NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0025         LOC  103 WIDTH  3             DK   2 COL 41-43   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.8  How many of the following types of staff members are      
                employed in your office?                                       
                                                                               
                Q.8a  Attorneys (including the prosecutor):                    
                                                                               
                Q.8a(1)  Jurisdiction named in mailing label: Full-time        
                ---------------------------------------------------------      
                                                                               
                Actual number is coded.                                        
                                                                               
            12                                                                
                                                                               
             VAR 0026      JURIS:ATTY PART-TIME        NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0026         LOC  106 WIDTH  2             DK   2 COL 44-45   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.8a(2)  Jurisdiction named in mailing label: Part-time        
                -------------------------------------------------------        
                                                                               
                 See Q.8a  for complete question text                          
                                                                               
                Actual number is coded.                                        
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0027      TOTAL:ATTY FULL-TIME                        MD=99   
             REF 0027         LOC  108 WIDTH  2             DK   2 COL 46-47   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.8a(3)  Total district (if multi-jurisdictions): Full-time    
                -----------------------------------------------------------    
                                                                               
                 See Q.8a for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                Actual number is coded.                                        
                                                                               
                                                                               
                    99.  Inapplicable                                          
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0028      TOTAL:ATTY PART-TIME                         MD=9   
             REF 0028         LOC  110 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 48      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.8a(4)  Total district (if multi-jurisdictions): Part-time    
                -----------------------------------------------------------    
                                                                               
                 See Q.8a  for complete question text                          
                                                                               
                Actual number is coded.                                        
                                                                               
                                                                               
                    9.  Inapplicable                                           
                                                                               
                                                                         13   
                                                                               
             VAR 0029      JURIS:INVESTIGATORS F/T     NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0029         LOC  111 WIDTH  3             DK   2 COL 49-51   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.8b  Investigators:                                           
                                                                               
                Q.8b(1)  Jurisdiction named in mailing label: Full-time        
                -------------------------------------------------------        
                                                                               
                 See Q.8  for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                Actual number is coded.                                        
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0030      JURIS:INVESTIGATORS P/T     NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0030         LOC  114 WIDTH  4             DK   2 COL 52-55   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.8b(2)  Jurisdiction named in mailing label: Part-time        
                -------------------------------------------------------        
                                                                               
                 See Q.8b for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                Actual number is coded.                                        
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0031      TOTAL:INVESTIGATORS F/T                     MD=99   
             REF 0031         LOC  118 WIDTH  2             DK   2 COL 56-57   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.8b(3)  Total district (if multi-jurisdictions): Full-time    
                -----------------------------------------------------------    
                                                                               
                 See Q.8b for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                Actual number is coded.                                        
                                                                               
                                                                               
                    99.  Inapplicable                                          
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0032      TOTAL:INVESTIGATORS P/T                      MD=9   
             REF 0032         LOC  120 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 58      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.8b(4)  Total district (if multi-jurisdictions): Part-time    
                -----------------------------------------------------------    
            14                                                                
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                                                                               
                 See Q.8b for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                Actual number is coded.                                        
                                                                               
                                                                               
                    9.  Inapplicable                                           
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0033      VERTICAL CASELOAD           NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0033         LOC  121 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 59      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.9  How much of your felony caseload do you assign on a       
                vertical basis? ("Vertical" means attorney stays with case     
                through all phases, as distinguished from "horizontal,"        
                meaning different phases may be handled by different           
                attorneys.)                                                    
                ----------------------------------------------------------     
                                                                               
                    1.  None                                                   
                    2.  Some                                                   
                    3.  Most                                                   
                    4.  All                                                    
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0034      CAREER CRIMINAL UNIT                         MD=9   
             REF 0034         LOC  122 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 60      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.9 is coded 2, 3 or 4 --                                
                                                                               
                Q.9(a)  Do you have a "career criminal" prosecution unit?      
                ---------------------------------------------------------      
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    9.  Inapplicable                                           
                                                                               
                                                                         15   
                                                                               
             VAR 0035      CROSS DESIGNATION           NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0035         LOC  123 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 61      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.10  In criminal cases involving both State and Federal       
                jurisdiction, would you ordinarily be cross-designated to      
                represent the prosecution in both courts?                      
                ---------------------------------------------------------      
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes - Complete a and b below                           
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0036      CASES CROSS DESIGNATED                       MD=9   
             REF 0036         LOC  124 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 62      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.10 is coded 1 --                                       
                                                                               
                Q.10a  In your jurisdiction, were there any such cases         
                during the reference year?                                     
                ------------------------------------------------------         
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    9.  Inapplicable                                           
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0037      PARTICPATN CROSS DESIG                       MD=9   
             REF 0037         LOC  125 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 63      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.10 is coded 1 --                                       
                                                                               
                Q.10b  Were there any in which you participated in the         
                prosecution in Federal court?                                  
                ------------------------------------------------------         
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    9.  Inapplicable                                           
                                                                               
            16                                                                
                                                                               
             VAR 0038      ATTORNEY GENERAL TRY        NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0038         LOC  126 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 64      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.11  Is the State's Attorney General entitled to try cases    
                in your jurisdiction's felony court?                           
                -----------------------------------------------------------    
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes - Complete a and b below                           
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0039      ATTORNEY GENERAL TRIED                       MD=9   
             REF 0039         LOC  127 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 65      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.11 is coded 1 --                                       
                                                                               
                Q.11a  Did that official do so during the reference year?      
                ---------------------------------------------------------      
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    9.  Inapplicable                                           
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0040      APPEARANCE IN CASE                           MD=9   
             REF 0040         LOC  128 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 66      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.11 is coded 1 --                                       
                                                                               
                Q.11b  Would you normally enter an appearance in such a        
                case?                                                          
                -------------------------------------------------------        
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    9.  Inapplicable                                           
                                                                               
                                                                         17   
                                                                               
             VAR 0041      JURIS:JUVENILES             NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0041         LOC  129 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 67      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.12  In other than felony matters, do you have                
                responsibility for or jurisdiction over any of the             
                following?                                                     
                                                                               
                Q.12a Juveniles                                                
                --------------------------------------------------             
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0042      JURIS:FAMILY DOMESTIC       NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0042         LOC  130 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 68      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.12b  Family and domestic relations                           
                ------------------------------------                           
                                                                               
                 See Q.12 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0043      JURIS:MENTAL COMMITMENTS    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0043         LOC  131 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 69      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.12c  Mental commitments                                      
                -------------------------                                      
                                                                               
                 See Q.12 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
            18                                                                
                                                                               
             VAR 0044      JURIS:PATERNITY             NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0044         LOC  132 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 70      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.12d  Paternity                                               
                ----------------                                               
                                                                               
                 See Q.12 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0045      JURIS:CITIZEN COMPLAINS     NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0045         LOC  133 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 71      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.12e  Citizen complaints                                      
                -------------------------                                      
                                                                               
                 See Q.12 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0046      JURIS:CONSUMR PROTECTION    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0046         LOC  134 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 72      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.12f  Consumer protection                                     
                --------------------------                                     
                                                                               
                 See Q.12 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0047      JURIS:ENVIRON PROTECTION    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0047         LOC  135 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 73      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.12g  Environmental protection                                
                -------------------------------                                
                                                                         19   
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                                                                               
                 See Q.12 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0048      JURIS:NON CRIMINAL CASES    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0048         LOC  136 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 74      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.12h  Non-criminal cases (injunctions and suits for           
                damages)                                                       
                ----------------------------------------------------           
                                                                               
                 See Q.12 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0049      JURIS:URESA (SUPPORT)       NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0049         LOC  137 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 75      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.12i  Uniform Reciprocal Enforcement Support Act (URESA)      
                ---------------------------------------------------------      
                                                                               
                 See Q.12 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0050      JURIS:NON SUPPORT           NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0050         LOC  138 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 76      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.12j  Non-support                                             
                ------------------                                             
                                                                               
                 See Q.12 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                                                                               
            20                                                                
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0051      JURIS:TRAFFIC               NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0051         LOC  139 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 77      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.12k  Traffic                                                 
                --------------                                                 
                                                                               
                 See Q.12 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0052      JURIS:SUITS FOR TAX         NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0052         LOC  140 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 78      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.12l  Suits for collection of taxes                           
                ------------------------------------                           
                                                                               
                 See Q.12 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0053      JURIS:PUBLIC NUISANCE       NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0053         LOC  141 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 79      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.12m  Public nuisance                                         
                ----------------------                                         
                                                                               
                 See Q.12 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                                                                         21   
                                                                               
             VAR 0054      JURIS:CONDEMNATION          NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0054         LOC  142 WIDTH  1             DK   2 COL 80      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.12n  Condemnation                                            
                -------------------                                            
                                                                               
                 See Q.12 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                DECK IDENTIFICATION NUMBER IS '03'            DK   3 COL   1- 2
                ----------------------------------                             
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0001      ICPSR STUDY NUMBER          NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0001         LOC    1 WIDTH  4             DK   3 COL  3- 6   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                ICPSR Study Number--9579                                       
                ------------------------                                       
                                                                               
                    9579.  The ICPSR has attached this number as a unique      
                           data collection identification number.              
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0002      ICPSR EDITION NUMBER        NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0002         LOC    5 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL  7      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                ICPSR Edition Number                                           
                --------------------                                           
                                                                               
                This number identifies the release edition of the data         
                collection.                                                    
                                                                               
                    1.  December 1991 release                                  
                                                                               
            22                                                                
                                                                               
             VAR 0003      ICPSR PART NUMBER           NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0003         LOC    6 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL  8      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                ICPSR Part Number                                              
                -----------------                                              
                                                                               
                The number identifying this part of a 1-part data              
                collection.                                                    
                                                                               
                1.  Part 1                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0004      ICPSR SEQ ID NUMBER         NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0004         LOC    7 WIDTH  3             DK   3 COL  9-11   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                ICPSR Sequential Case Identification Number                    
                -------------------------------------------                    
                                                                               
                The ICPSR has attached a sequential identification number to   
                every case. This number uniquely identifies each case in the   
                data collection.                                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0055      JURIS:EXTRADITION           NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0055         LOC  143 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 12      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.12o  Extradition                                             
                ------------------                                             
                                                                               
                 See Q.12 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0056      JURIS:FORFEITURES           NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0056         LOC  144 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 13      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.12p  Forfeitures                                             
                ------------------                                             
                                                                               
                 See Q.12 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                                                                         23   
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0057      JURIS:BAD CHECKS            NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0057         LOC  145 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 14      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.12q  Bad checks                                              
                -----------------                                              
                                                                               
                 See Q.12 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0058      JURIS:OTHER ORDINANCES      NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0058         LOC  146 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 15      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.12r  Ordinances other than any above                         
                --------------------------------------                         
                                                                               
                 See Q.12 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0059      JURIS:OTHER                 NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0059         LOC  147 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 16      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.12s  Other - Specify                                         
                ----------------------                                         
                                                                               
                 See Q.12 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
            24                                                                
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                                                                               
                                                                               
                For a listing of specific other mentions:                      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 2                                                  
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0060      LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0060         LOC  148 WIDTH  3             DK   3 COL 17-19   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.13  How many law enforcement agencies bring arrests into     
                court in your jurisdiction?                                    
                ----------------------------------------------------------     
                                                                               
                Actual number is coded.                                        
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0061      INDIGENCY                   NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0061         LOC  151 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 20      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.14  During the reference year, were any felony defendants    
                in your jurisdiction provided an attorney on grounds of        
                indigency?                                                     
                -----------------------------------------------------------    
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0062      INDIGENCY:ASSIGND COUNSL    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0062         LOC  152 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 21      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.14 is coded 1 --                                       
                                                                               
                Q.14(a)  Which type of defense delivery system was used?       
                Mark (X) all that apply.                                       
                                                                               
                Q.14(a)1  Assigned counsel                                     
                --------------------------------------------------------       
                                                                               
                 See Q.14 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                                                                               
                                                                         25   
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                    9.  Not marked                                             
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0063      INDIGENCY:PUBLIC DEFENDR    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0063         LOC  153 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 22      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.14(a)2  Public defender                                      
                -------------------------                                      
                                                                               
                 See Q.14(a) for  complete question text                       
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked                                             
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0064      INDIGENCY:CONTRACT          NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0064         LOC  154 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 23      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.14(a)3  Contract with individual private attorneys,          
                private firms, or local bar associations                       
                -----------------------------------------------------          
                                                                               
                 See Q.14(a) for  complete question text                       
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked                                             
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0065      INDIGENCY:OTHER             NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0065         LOC  155 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 24      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.14(a)4  Other - Specify                                      
                -------------------------                                      
                                                                               
                 See Q.14(a) for complete question text                        
                                                                               
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked                                             
                                                                               
                                                                               
            26                                                                
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                                                                               
                For a listing of specific other mentions:                      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 3                                                  
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0066      PROBATION SUPERVISION       NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0066         LOC  156 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 25      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.15  In most cases of adult felons sentenced to probation     
                in your jurisdiction, who supervises the probationer?          
                Mark only one. Mark (X) "Court" if judge retains               
                jurisdiction over probationers, even if supervision is done    
                by non-judicial entity.                                        
                -----------------------------------------------------------    
                                                                               
                    1.  Court                                                  
                    2.  Department of corrections                              
                    3.  Probation agency (non-judicial)                        
                    4.  Other - Specify                                        
                                                                               
                                                                               
                For a listing of specific other mentions:                      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 4                                                  
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0067      CRIMINAL HISTORY PRACTCL    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0067         LOC  157 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 26      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.16  Is criminal history data normally of practical value     
                to you in felony prosecutions?                                 
                ----------------------------------------------------------     
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes - Complete a and b below                           
                    2.  No - Complete b below                                  
                                                                               
                                                                         27   
                                                                               
             VAR 0068      INFO USED:ARREST            NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0068         LOC  158 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 27      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.16 is coded 1 --                                       
                                                                               
                Q.16a  Criminal History -                                      
                Mark (X) all that apply.                                       
                                                                               
                Q.16a1  Kind(s) of information used?                           
                                                                               
                Q.16a1(1)  Arrests                                             
                ------------------------------------                           
                                                                               
                 See Q.16 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked; inapplicable                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0069      INFO USED:DISPOSITIONS      NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0069         LOC  159 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 28      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.16a1(2)  Dispositions                                        
                -----------------------                                        
                                                                               
                 See Q.16a1 for complete question text                         
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked; inapplicable                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0070      SOURCE INFO:OWN AGENCY      NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0070         LOC  160 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 29      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.16a2  Source(s) of information used?                         
                                                                               
                Q.16a2(1)  Your agency                                         
                --------------------------------------                         
                                                                               
                 See Q.16a for complete question text                          
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked; inapplicable                               
                                                                               
            28                                                                
                                                                               
             VAR 0071      SOURCE INFO:FBI             NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0071         LOC  161 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 30      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.16a2(2)  FBI                                                 
                --------------                                                 
                                                                               
                 See Q.16a2 for complete question text                         
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked; inapplicable                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0072      SOURCE INFO:STATE RPSTRY    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0072         LOC  162 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 31      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.16a2(3)  State repository                                    
                ---------------------------                                    
                                                                               
                 See Q.16a2 for complete question text                         
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked; inapplicable                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0073      SOURCE INFO:LOCAL POLICE    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0073         LOC  163 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 32      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.16a2(4)  Local police                                        
                -----------------------                                        
                                                                               
                 See Q.16a2 for complete question text                         
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked; inapplicable                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0074      INFO STAGE:BAIL HEARING     NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0074         LOC  164 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 33      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.16a3  Stage(s) when used?                                    
                                                                               
                                                                         29   
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                                                                               
                Q.16a3(1)  At bail hearings                                    
                ---------------------------                                    
                                                                               
                 See Q.16a for complete question text                          
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked; inapplicable                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0075      INFO STAGE:PRELIM HEARNG    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0075         LOC  165 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 34      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.16a3(2)  At preliminary hearing                              
                ---------------------------------                              
                                                                               
                 See Q.16a3 for complete question text                         
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked; inapplicable                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0076      INFO STAGE:FILING CHARGS    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0076         LOC  166 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 35      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.16a3(3)  When filing charges                                 
                ------------------------------                                 
                                                                               
                 See Q.16a3 for complete question text                         
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked; inapplicable                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0077      INFO STAGE:PRETRL NGTTNS    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0077         LOC  167 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 36      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.16a3(4)  Pretrial negotiations                               
                --------------------------------                               
                                                                               
                 See Q.16a3 for complete question text                         
                                                                               
            30                                                                
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked; inapplicable                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0078      INFO STAGE:SENTENCING       NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0078         LOC  168 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 37      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.16a3(5)  Sentencing                                          
                ---------------------                                          
                                                                               
                 See Q.16a3 for complete question text                         
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked; inapplicable                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0079      INFO STAGE:OTHER            NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0079         LOC  169 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 38      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.16a3(6)  Other - Specify                                     
                --------------------------                                     
                                                                               
                 See Q.16a3 for complete question text                         
                                                                               
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked; inapplicable                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                For a listing of specific other mentions:                      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 5                                                  
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0080      INFO PRBLMS:TIMELINESS      NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0080         LOC  170 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 39      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.16b  Please indicate major problems with any of the above    
                sources or kinds of information.                               
                                                                               
                                                                         31   
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                Mark (X) all that apply.                                       
                                                                               
                Q.16b(1)  Timeliness                                           
                -----------------------------------------------------------    
                                                                               
                 See Q.16 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked                                             
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0081      INFO PRBLMS:COMPLETENESS    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0081         LOC  171 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 40      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.16b(2)  Completeness                                         
                ----------------------                                         
                                                                               
                 See Q.16b for complete question text                          
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked                                             
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0082      INFO PRBLMS:ACCURACY        NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0082         LOC  172 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 41      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.16b(3)  Accuracy                                             
                ------------------                                             
                                                                               
                 See Q.16b for complete question text                          
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked                                             
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0083      INFO PRBLMS:PRIVACY         NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0083         LOC  173 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 42      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.16b(4)  Privacy restrictions                                 
                ------------------------------                                 
                                                                               
                                                                               
            32                                                                
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                 See Q.16b for complete question text                          
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked                                             
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0084      INFO PRBLMS:OTHER           NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0084         LOC  174 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 43      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.16b(5)  Other - Specify                                      
                -------------------------                                      
                                                                               
                 See Q.16b for complete question text                          
                                                                               
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked                                             
                                                                               
                                                                               
                For a listing of specific other mentions:                      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 6                                                  
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0085      NOTIFICATION                NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0085         LOC  175 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 44      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.17  In most cases, when are you officially notified of       
                persons arrested for a felony?                                 
                --------------------------------------------------------       
                                                                               
                    1.  Within 24 hours                                        
                    2.  Within a week                                          
                    3.  Longer than a week                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0086      REVIEW:BEFORE FILING        NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0086         LOC  176 WIDTH  3             DK   3 COL 45-47   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.18  Please give a percentage breakdown of felony arrests     
                                                                               
                                                                         33   
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                in your jurisdiction according to type of screening.           
                                                                               
                Q.18a  Prosecutor reviews felony arrests before charges are    
                filed in court to determine if court charges should be filed   
                and what the proper charges should be                          
                ------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                                               
                Actual percentage is coded.                                    
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0087      REVIEW:AFTER FILING         NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0087         LOC  179 WIDTH  3             DK   3 COL 48-50   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.18b  Initial review by prosecutor of felony arrests that     
                occur after charges have already been filed in court           
                ----------------------------------------------------------     
                                                                               
                 See Q.18 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                Actual percentage is coded.                                    
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0088      REVIEW:OTHER                NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0088         LOC  182 WIDTH  3             DK   3 COL 51-53   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.18c  Other - Specify                                         
                ----------------------                                         
                                                                               
                 See Q.18 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                Actual percentage is coded.                                    
                                                                               
                                                                               
                For a listing of specific other mentions:                      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 7                                                  
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0089      REVIEW:TOTAL                NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0089         LOC  185 WIDTH  3             DK   3 COL 54-56   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.18d  Total (must be equal to 100 percent)                    
                -------------------------------------------                    
                                                                               
            34                                                                
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                                                                               
                 See Q.18 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    100.  100 percent                                          
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0090      SCREENING                   NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0090         LOC  188 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 57      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.19  In most cases, where does felony case screening take     
                place? Mark (X) only one.                                      
                ----------------------------------------------------------     
                                                                               
                    1.  Court room                                             
                    2.  Prosecutor's office                                    
                    3.  Police station                                         
                    4.  Other - Specify                                        
                                                                               
                                                                               
                For a listing of specific other mentions:                      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 8                                                  
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0091      GRAND JURY                  NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0091         LOC  189 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 58      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.20  Do you have a grand jury as a regular part of the        
                criminal justice system?                                       
                -------------------------------------------------------        
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes - Complete a through f below                       
                    2.  No -  Skip to section C  skip to Q.21                  
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0092      GRAND JRY:PRSCTR APPEAR                      MD=9   
             REF 0092         LOC  190 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 59      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.20 is coded 1 --                                       
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                         35   
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                Q.20a  Are you entitled by law to appear before the grand      
                jury?                                                          
                ---------------------------------------------------------      
                                                                               
                 See Q.20 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    9.  Inapplicable                                           
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0093      GRAND JRY:OTHER APPEAR                       MD=9   
             REF 0093         LOC  191 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 60      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.20 is coded 1 --                                       
                                                                               
                Q.20b  Is anyone other than you entitled by law to appear      
                before the grand jury?                                         
                ---------------------------------------------------------      
                                                                               
                 See Q.20 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes - Specify who                                      
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    9.  Inapplicable                                           
                                                                               
                                                                               
                For a listing of specific other mentions:                      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 9                                                  
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0094      GRAND JRY:APPRD-INDCTMTS                     MD=9   
             REF 0094         LOC  192 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 61      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.20 is coded 1 --                                       
                                                                               
                Q.20c  During the reference year, did you personally appear    
                before the grand jury in a majority of cases in which felony   
                indictments were returned?                                     
                ------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                                               
            36                                                                
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                                                                               
                 See Q.20 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    9.  Inapplicable                                           
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0095      GRAND JRY:INDTS MISDMNRS                     MD=9   
             REF 0095         LOC  193 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 62      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.20 is coded 1 --                                       
                                                                               
                Q.20d  During the reference year, were there any indictments   
                of misdemeanors (versus felonies)?                             
                ------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                                               
                 See Q.20 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    9.  Inapplicable                                           
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0096      GRAND JRY:SIGNATURE RQRD                     MD=9   
             REF 0096         LOC  194 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 63      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.20 is coded 1 --                                       
                                                                               
                Q.20e  Is your signature on an indictment required for         
                filing?                                                        
                ------------------------------------------------------         
                                                                               
                 See Q.20 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    9.  Inapplicable                                           
                                                                               
                                                                         37   
                                                                               
             VAR 0097      GRAND JRY:PROBABLE CAUSE                     MD=9   
             REF 0097         LOC  195 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 64      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.20 is coded 1 --                                       
                                                                               
                Q.20f  Before submission of a felony matter to a grand jury,   
                is there normally a judicial determination of probable         
                cause?                                                         
                ------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                                               
                 See Q.20 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    9.  Inapplicable                                           
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0098      PROB CAUSE DTRMNTN COURT                     MD=9   
             REF 0098         LOC  196 WIDTH  1             DK   3 COL 65      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.20f is coded 1 --                                      
                                                                               
                Q.20f(1)  Determination is normally made in                    
                -------------------------------------------                    
                                                                               
                 See Q.20f for complete question text                          
                                                                               
                    1.  Lower court                                            
                    2.  Upper court                                            
                    3.  General jurisdiction court                             
                                                                               
                    9.  Inapplicable                                           
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0099      PCT FILE:GRAND JURY         NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0099         LOC  197 WIDTH  3             DK   3 COL 66-68   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.21  What percentage of felony case filings in your court     
                were -                                                         
                                                                               
                Q.21a  By grand jury indictment or presentment?                
                ----------------------------------------------------------     
                                                                               
            38                                                                
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                                                                               
                Actual percentage is coded.                                    
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0100      PCT FILE:PRELM HRNG INFO    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0100         LOC  200 WIDTH  3             DK   3 COL 69-71   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.21b  By information following a preliminary hearing?         
                ------------------------------------------------------         
                                                                               
                 See Q.21 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                Actual percentage is coded.                                    
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0101      PCT FILE:WAIVER/INFO        NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0101         LOC  203 WIDTH  3             DK   3 COL 72-74   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.21c  By information following defendant's waiver of          
                indictment or preliminary hearing?                             
                -----------------------------------------------------          
                                                                               
                 See Q.21 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                Actual percentage is coded.                                    
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0102      PCT FILE:OTHER              NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0102         LOC  206 WIDTH  3             DK   3 COL 75-77   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.21d  Other - Specify                                         
                ----------------------                                         
                                                                               
                 See Q.21 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                Actual percentage is coded.                                    
                                                                               
                For a listing of specific other mentions:                      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 10                                                 
                                                                               
                                                                         39   
                                                                               
             VAR 0103      PCT FILE:TOTAL              NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0103         LOC  209 WIDTH  3             DK   3 COL 78-80   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.21e  Total (must equal 100 percent)                          
                -------------------------------------                          
                                                                               
                 See Q.21 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    100.  100 percent                                          
                                                                               
                DECK IDENTIFICATION NUMBER IS '04'            DK   4 COL   1- 2
                ----------------------------------                             
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0001      ICPSR STUDY NUMBER          NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0001         LOC    1 WIDTH  4             DK   4 COL  3- 6   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                ICPSR Study Number--9579                                       
                ------------------------                                       
                                                                               
                    9579.  The ICPSR has attached this number as a unique      
                           data collection identification number.              
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0002      ICPSR EDITION NUMBER        NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0002         LOC    5 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL  7      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                ICPSR Edition Number                                           
                --------------------                                           
                                                                               
                This number identifies the release edition of the data         
                collection.                                                    
                                                                               
                    1.  December 1991 release                                  
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0003      ICPSR PART NUMBER           NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0003         LOC    6 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL  8      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                ICPSR Part Number                                              
                -----------------                                              
            40                                                                
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                                                                               
                The number identifying this part of a 1-part data              
                collection.                                                    
                                                                               
                1.  Part 1                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0004      ICPSR SEQ ID NUMBER         NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0004         LOC    7 WIDTH  3             DK   4 COL  9-11   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                ICPSR Sequential Case Identification Number                    
                -------------------------------------------                    
                                                                               
                The ICPSR has attached a sequential identification number to   
                every case. This number uniquely identifies each case in the   
                data collection.                                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0104      PLEA NEGOTIATIONS           NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0104         LOC  212 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 12      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.22  Do you have explicit criteria on the extent to which     
                your staff attorneys may engage in plea negotiations?          
                ----------------------------------------------------------     
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0105      PLEA NEGOTIATN TIME LIMT    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0105         LOC  213 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 13      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.23  Do you have a policy limiting the time for plea          
                negotiations?                                                  
                -----------------------------------------------------          
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes - Please describe the policy                       
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                For a listing of policy descriptions:                          
                                                                               
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 11                                                 
                                                                               
                                                                         41   
                                                                               
             VAR 0106      PCT GENERAL JURIS COURT     NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0106         LOC  214 WIDTH  3             DK   4 COL 14-16   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.24  What percentage of felony cases in your jurisdiction     
                during the reference year were:                                
                                                                               
                Q.24a  Processed entirely within a court of general            
                jurisdiction that handles all cases of record (civil,          
                criminal, equitable, etc.)?                                    
                ----------------------------------------------------------     
                                                                               
                Actual percentage is coded.                                    
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0107      PCT FELONY COURT            NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0107         LOC  217 WIDTH  3             DK   4 COL 17-19   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.24b  Processed by a felony court that handles all phases     
                of a felony case?                                              
                ----------------------------------------------------------     
                                                                               
                 See Q.24 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                Actual percentage is coded.                                    
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0108      PCT LOWER COURT             NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0108         LOC  220 WIDTH  3             DK   4 COL 20-22   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.24c  Processed initially in a lower court and then later     
                transferred to an upper court? (A "lower" court may either     
                be a misdemeanor court or in some places a court of general    
                jurisdiction.)                                                 
                -----------------------------------------------------------    
                                                                               
                 See Q.24 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                Actual percentage is coded.                                    
                                                                               
            42                                                                
                                                                               
             VAR 0109      PCT OTHER                   NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0109         LOC  223 WIDTH  2             DK   4 COL 23-24   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.24d  Other - Specify                                         
                ----------------------                                         
                                                                               
                 See Q.24 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                Actual percentage is coded.                                    
                                                                               
                For a listing of specific other mentions:                      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 12                                                 
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0110      PCT TOTAL                   NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0110         LOC  225 WIDTH  3             DK   4 COL 25-27   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.24e  Total (must equal 100 percent)                          
                -------------------------------------                          
                                                                               
                 See Q.24 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    100.  100 percent                                          
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0111      DISCOURAGE DELAY MOTIONS    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0111         LOC  228 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 28      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.25  Does your felony court discourage motions on trial       
                date that would delay trial?                                   
                --------------------------------------------------------       
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                                                                         43   
                                                                               
             VAR 0112      TYPE TRIAL DISCRGE DELAY                     MD=9   
             REF 0112         LOC  229 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 29      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.25 is coded 1 --                                       
                                                                               
                Q.25(a) In which type of trial?                                
                -------------------------------                                
                                                                               
                 See Q.25 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Jury trial only                                        
                    2.  Bench trial only                                       
                    3.  Both jury and bench trials                             
                                                                               
                    9.  Inapplicable                                           
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0113      GRANT CONTINUANCE                            MD=3   
             REF 0113         LOC  230 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 30      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.26  Will your felony court normally grant a continuance on   
                trial date to permit additional time for plea negotiations?    
                ------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    3.  N/A (if no such continuances are requested)            
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0114      TYPE TRIAL GRANT CNTINNC                     MD=9   
             REF 0114         LOC  231 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 31      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.26 is coded 1 --                                       
                                                                               
                Q.26(a) In which type of trial?                                
                -------------------------------                                
                                                                               
                 See Q.26 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Jury trial only                                        
                    2.  Bench trial only                                       
                    3.  Both jury and bench trials                             
                                                                               
            44                                                                
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                                                                               
                    9.  Inapplicable                                           
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0115      ADVANCE JUROR INFO          NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0115         LOC  232 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 32      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.27  Do you routinely receive information about prospective   
                jurors in advance of voir dire examination?                    
                ------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0116      ADVANCE JUROR INFO:NAME     NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0116         LOC  233 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 33      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.27 is coded 1 --                                       
                                                                               
                Q.27(a)  What does this information consist of?                
                Mark (X) all that apply.                                       
                                                                               
                Q.27(a)1  Name                                                 
                -----------------------------------------------                
                                                                               
                 See Q.27 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked; inapplicable                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0117      ADVNCE JUROR INFO:ADDRSS    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0117         LOC  234 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 34      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.27(a)2  Address                                              
                -----------------                                              
                                                                               
                 See Q.27(a) for complete question text                        
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                                                                               
                                                                         45   
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                    9.  Not marked; inapplicable                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0118      ADVNCE JUROR INFO:OCCPTN    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0118         LOC  235 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 35      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.27(a)3  Occupation                                           
                --------------------                                           
                                                                               
                 See Q.27(a) for complete question text                        
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked; inapplicable                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0119      ADVANCE JUROR INFO:AGE      NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0119         LOC  236 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 36      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.27(a)4  Age                                                  
                -------------                                                  
                                                                               
                 See Q.27(a) for complete question text                        
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked; inapplicable                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0120      ADVNCE JUROR INFO:MARITL    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0120         LOC  237 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 37      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.27(a)5  Marital status                                       
                ------------------------                                       
                                                                               
                 See Q.27(a) for complete question text                        
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked; inapplicable                               
                                                                               
            46                                                                
                                                                               
             VAR 0121      ADVNCE JRR INFO:SPS NAME    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0121         LOC  238 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 38      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.27(a)6  Spouse name                                          
                ---------------------                                          
                                                                               
                 See Q.27(a) for complete question text                        
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked; inapplicable                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0122      ADVANCE JRR INFO:SPS OCC    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0122         LOC  239 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 39      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.27(a)7  Spouse occupation                                    
                ---------------------------                                    
                                                                               
                 See Q.27(a) for complete question text                        
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked; inapplicable                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0123      ADVNCE JUROR INFO:EDUCTN    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0123         LOC  240 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 40      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.27(a)8  Education level                                      
                -------------------------                                      
                                                                               
                 See Q.27(a) for complete question text                        
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked; inapplicable                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0124      ADVANCE JUROR INFO:OTHER    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0124         LOC  241 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 41      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.27(a)9  Other - Specify                                      
                -------------------------                                      
                                                                         47   
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                                                                               
                 See Q.27(a) for complete question text                        
                                                                               
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked; inapplicable                               
                                                                               
                For a listing of specific other mentions:                      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 13                                                 
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0125      VOIR DIRE JUROR:COURT       NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0125         LOC  242 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 42      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.28  In most felony cases, who conducts voir dire             
                examination of prospective jurors?                             
                Mark (X) all that apply.                                       
                                                                               
                Q.28(1)  Court                                                 
                --------------------------------------------------             
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked                                             
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0126      VOIR DIRE JUROR:ATTORNEY    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0126         LOC  243 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 43      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.28(2)  Attorneys                                             
                ------------------                                             
                                                                               
                 See Q.28 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked                                             
                                                                               
            48                                                                
                                                                               
             VAR 0127      VOIR DIRE JUROR:OTHER       NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0127         LOC  244 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 44      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.28(3)  Other - Specify                                       
                ------------------------                                       
                                                                               
                 See Q.28 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked                                             
                                                                               
                For a listing of specific other mentions:                      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 14                                                 
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0128      PRMPTRY CHLLNG:PROSECUTN                    MD=99   
             REF 0128         LOC  245 WIDTH  2             DK   4 COL 45-46   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.29  How many peremptory challenges are permitted in          
                non-capital felony cases?                                      
                                                                               
                Q.29a  For prosecution                                         
                -----------------------------------------------------          
                                                                               
                Actual number is coded.                                        
                                                                               
                                                                               
                    99.  Not ascertained                                       
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0129      PEREMPTRY CHLLNG:DEFENSE                    MD=99   
             REF 0129         LOC  247 WIDTH  2             DK   4 COL 47-48   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.29b  For defense                                             
                ------------------                                             
                                                                               
                 See Q.29 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                Actual number is coded.                                        
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                         49   
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                                                                               
                    99.  Not ascertained                                       
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0130      JURY TRIAL REQUEST          NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0130         LOC  249 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 49      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.30  In your jurisdiction, does the prosecution have the      
                right to request a jury trial in a case of a person charged    
                with a felony?                                                 
                -----------------------------------------------------------    
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0131      JURY TRIAL EXERCISED                         MD=9   
             REF 0131         LOC  250 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 50      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.30 is coded 1 --                                       
                                                                               
                Q.30(a) Did the prosecution exercise this right at any time    
                during the last 12 months?                                     
                -----------------------------------------------------------    
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    9.  Inapplicable                                           
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0132      PLEA DISPOSITION TIME       NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0132         LOC  251 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 51      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.31  All other things being equal, are guilty plea felony     
                cases normally disposed of faster (from arrest to              
                conviction) than bench trials that result in felony            
                convictions?                                                   
                ----------------------------------------------------------     
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                                                                               
            50                                                                
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0133      WITNESS NOTIFICATION        NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0133         LOC  252 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 52      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.32  In most felony cases, who is responsible for notifying   
                government witnesses to appear in court?                       
                Mark (X) only one.                                             
                ------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                                               
                    1.  Police                                                 
                    2.  Courts                                                 
                    3.  Prosecutor                                             
                    4.  Private contractor                                     
                    5.  Other - Specify                                        
                                                                               
                For a listing of specific other mentions:                      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 15                                                 
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0134      TIME LIMIT                  NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0134         LOC  253 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 53      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.33  Is there any type of felony matter in your               
                jurisdiction for which you are under a limit on time allowed   
                to commence trial (i.e., speedy trial)?                        
                ------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes - Complete a through d below                       
                    2.  No - Skip to section E  skip to Q.34                   
                                                                               
                There is no variable for Q.33a: "What type of felony           
                matter(s)? Please specify."  For a listing of responses to     
                Q.33a:                                                         
                                                                               
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 16                                                 
                                                                               
                                                                         51   
                                                                               
             VAR 0135      TIME LIMT:DP BAIL STATUS                     MD=9   
             REF 0135         LOC  254 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 54      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.33 is coded 1 --                                       
                                                                               
                Q.33b  Does applicability of this limit depend on bail         
                status?                                                        
                ------------------------------------------------------         
                                                                               
                 See Q.33 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    9.  Inapplicable                                           
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0136      TIME LIMIT:FROM ARREST                     MD=999   
             REF 0136         LOC  255 WIDTH  3             DK   4 COL 55-57   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.33 is coded 1 --                                       
                                                                               
                Q.33c  In most cases subject to this limit, how many days do   
                you have to commence trial?                                    
                                                                               
                Q.33c1  From arrest                                            
                ------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                                               
                 See Q.33 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                Actual number of days is coded.                                
                                                                               
                                                                               
                    999.  Inapplicable                                         
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0137      TIME LIMIT:FROM FILING                     MD=999   
             REF 0137         LOC  258 WIDTH  3             DK   4 COL 58-60   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.33c2  From filing                                            
                -------------------                                            
                                                                               
                 See Q.33c for complete question text                          
                                                                               
            52                                                                
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                                                                               
                Actual number of days is coded.                                
                                                                               
                                                                               
                    999.  Inapplicable                                         
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0138      TIME LIMT:FRM OTHR STAGE                  MD=9999   
             REF 0138         LOC  261 WIDTH  4             DK   4 COL 61-64   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.33c3  From other applicable stage. Specify stage             
                --------------------------------------------------             
                                                                               
                 See Q.33c for complete question text                          
                                                                               
                Actual number of days is coded.                                
                                                                               
                                                                               
                    9999.  Inapplicable                                        
                                                                               
                For a listing of other specified stages:                       
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 17                                                 
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0139      TIME LIMT:CASES DISMISSD        MD=998 OR GE  999   
             REF 0139         LOC  265 WIDTH  3             DK   4 COL 65-67   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.33 is coded 1 --                                       
                                                                               
                Q.33d  How many cases were dismissed during the reference      
                year because of failure to meet this limit?                    
                ---------------------------------------------------------      
                                                                               
                 See Q.33 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                Actual number of cases is coded.                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                    998.  Not ascertained                                      
                    999.  Inapplicable                                         
                                                                               
                                                                         53   
                                                                               
             VAR 0140      PROSECUTOR AT SENTENCE      NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0140         LOC  268 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 68      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.34  Is the prosecutor usually present at felony sentence     
                proceeding in your jurisdiction?                               
                ----------------------------------------------------------     
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0141      JDGE ORDR PRESNTNC REPRT    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0141         LOC  269 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 69      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.35  In most felony convictions does the judge order a        
                presentence report?                                            
                -------------------------------------------------------        
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0142      PROSECUTOR REVIEW PSR                        MD=9   
             REF 0142         LOC  270 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 70      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.35 is coded 1 --                                       
                                                                               
                Q.35(a)  Does the prosecutor have a right to see it?           
                ----------------------------------------------------           
                                                                               
                 See Q.35 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    9.  Inapplicable                                           
                                                                               
            54                                                                
                                                                               
             VAR 0143      VICTIM INFO:REQUESTED       NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0143         LOC  271 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 71      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.36  In most felony cases involving victims, is victim        
                information -                                                  
                                                                               
                Q.36a  Requested by the court?                                 
                -------------------------------------------------------        
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0144      VICTIM INFO:HOW REQUESTD                     MD=9   
             REF 0144         LOC  272 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 72      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.36a is coded 1 --                                      
                                                                               
                Q.36a1  How is it requested? Mark (X) only one.                
                -----------------------------------------------                
                                                                               
                 See Q.36a for complete question text                          
                                                                               
                    1.  In pre-sentence report                                 
                    2.  From prosecutor                                        
                    3.  Other - Specify                                        
                                                                               
                    9.  Inapplicable                                           
                                                                               
                For a listing of specific other mentions:                      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 18                                                 
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0145      VICTIM INFO:PROVIDED        NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0145         LOC  273 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 73      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.36b  Provided to the court?                                  
                -----------------------------                                  
                                                                               
                 See Q.36 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                         55   
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0146      VICTIM INFO:HOW PROVIDED                     MD=9   
             REF 0146         LOC  274 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 74      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.36b is coded 1 --                                      
                                                                               
                Q.36b1  How is it provided? Mark (X) only one.                 
                ----------------------------------------------                 
                                                                               
                 See Q.36b for complete text                                   
                                                                               
                    1.  In pre-sentence report                                 
                    2.  From prosecutor                                        
                    3.  Other - Specify                                        
                                                                               
                    9.  Inapplicable                                           
                                                                               
                For a listing of specific other mentions:                      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 19                                                 
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0147      SENTENCE RECOMMENDATION     NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0147         LOC  275 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 75      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.37  In felony cases in your jurisdiction, does the           
                prosecutor normally recommend a type or duration of sentence   
                to be imposed?                                                 
                ------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
            56                                                                
                                                                               
             VAR 0148      S REC:VOLUNTRY GUIDLINES            MD=3 OR GE  9   
             REF 0148         LOC  276 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 76      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                -- if Q.37 is coded 1 --                                       
                                                                               
                Q.37(1)  Is a choice of recommendation substantially           
                influenced by any of the following?                            
                (N/A means not applicable to your jurisdiction.)               
                Mark (X) all that apply.                                       
                                                                               
                Q.37(1)a  Voluntary sentencing guidelines                      
                ----------------------------------------------------           
                                                                               
                 See Q.37 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    3.  N/A (not applicable to jurisdiction)                   
                    9.  Inapplicable (coded 2 for Q.37)                        
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0149      S REC:PRESUMPTV GUIDLINS            MD=3 OR GE  9   
             REF 0149         LOC  277 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 77      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.37(1)b  Presumptive sentencing guidelines                    
                -------------------------------------------                    
                                                                               
                 See Q.37(1) for complete question text                        
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    3.  N/A (not applicable to jurisdiction)                   
                    9.  Inapplicable (coded 2 for Q.37)                        
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0150      S REC:MANDATORY MINIMUM             MD=3 OR GE  9   
             REF 0150         LOC  278 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 78      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.37(1)c  Mandatory minimum incarceration                      
                -----------------------------------------                      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                         57   
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                 See Q.37(1) for complete question text                        
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    3.  N/A (not applicable to jurisdiction)                   
                    9.  Inapplicable (coded 2 for Q.37)                        
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0151      S REC:PAROLE POLICIES               MD=3 OR GE  9   
             REF 0151         LOC  279 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 79      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.37(1)d  Parole policies or practices                         
                --------------------------------------                         
                                                                               
                 See Q.37(1) for complete question text                        
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    3.  N/A (not applicable to jurisdiction)                   
                    9.  Inapplicable (coded 2 for Q.37)                        
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0152      S REC:PLEA BARGAIN BANS             MD=3 OR GE  9   
             REF 0152         LOC  280 WIDTH  1             DK   4 COL 80      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.37(1)e  Plea bargain bans                                    
                ---------------------------                                    
                                                                               
                 See Q.37(1) for complete question text                        
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    3.  N/A (not applicable to jurisdiction)                   
                    9.  Inapplicable (coded 2 for Q.37)                        
                                                                               
                DECK IDENTIFICATION NUMBER IS '05'            DK   5 COL   1- 2
                ----------------------------------                             
                                                                               
            58                                                                
                                                                               
             VAR 0001      ICPSR STUDY NUMBER          NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0001         LOC    1 WIDTH  4             DK   5 COL  3- 6   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                ICPSR Study Number--9579                                       
                ------------------------                                       
                                                                               
                    9579.  The ICPSR has attached this number as a unique      
                           data collection identification number.              
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0002      ICPSR EDITION NUMBER        NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0002         LOC    5 WIDTH  1             DK   5 COL  7      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                ICPSR Edition Number                                           
                --------------------                                           
                                                                               
                This number identifies the release edition of the data         
                collection.                                                    
                                                                               
                    1.  December 1991 release                                  
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0003      ICPSR PART NUMBER           NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0003         LOC    6 WIDTH  1             DK   5 COL  8      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                ICPSR Part Number                                              
                -----------------                                              
                                                                               
                The number identifying this part of a 1-part data              
                collection.                                                    
                                                                               
                1.  Part 1                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0004      ICPSR SEQ ID NUMBER         NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0004         LOC    7 WIDTH  3             DK   5 COL  9-11   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                ICPSR Sequential Case Identification Number                    
                -------------------------------------------                    
                                                                               
                The ICPSR has attached a sequential identification number to   
                                                                               
                                                                         59   
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                every case. This number uniquely identifies each case in the   
                data collection.                                               
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0153      S REC:APPLT SENTNC RVIEW            MD=3 OR GE  9   
             REF 0153         LOC  281 WIDTH  1             DK   5 COL 12      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.37(1)f  Appellate sentence review                            
                -----------------------------------                            
                                                                               
                 See Q.37(1) for complete question text                        
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    3.  N/A (not applicable to jurisdiction)                   
                    9.  Inapplicable (coded 2 for Q.37)                        
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0154      S REC:SENTNCNG OTH JURIS            MD=3 OR GE  9   
             REF 0154         LOC  282 WIDTH  1             DK   5 COL 13      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.37(1)g  Sentencing policies or practices in other            
                jurisdictions                                                  
                ---------------------------------------------------            
                                                                               
                 See Q.37(1) for complete question text                        
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    3.  N/A (not applicable to jurisdiction)                   
                    9.  Inapplicable (coded 2 for Q.37)                        
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0155      JUDGE-DOC JURISDICTION      NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0155         LOC  283 WIDTH  1             DK   5 COL 14      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.39  In adult felony probation cases, may the judge retain    
                jurisdiction over the defendant after commitment to the        
                department of corrections?                                     
                -----------------------------------------------------------    
                                                                               
            60                                                                
                (CONTINUED)                                                    
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0156      POLICE NOTIFICATION         NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0156         LOC  284 WIDTH  1             DK   5 COL 15      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.40  Do you routinely notify the following of disposition     
                of felony cases?                                               
                                                                               
                Q.40(a)  Police                                                
                ----------------------------------------------------------     
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0157      VICTIM NOTIFICATION         NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0157         LOC  285 WIDTH  1             DK   5 COL 16      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.40(b)  Victim                                                
                ---------------                                                
                                                                               
                 See Q.40 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0158      WITNESS NOTIFICATION        NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0158         LOC  286 WIDTH  1             DK   5 COL 17      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.40(c)  Witnesses                                             
                ------------------                                             
                                                                               
                 See Q.40 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                                                                         61   
                                                                               
             VAR 0159      NOTIFICATION OF RELEASE     NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0159         LOC  287 WIDTH  1             DK   5 COL 18      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.41  Do you routinely receive official notification of the    
                release of an incarcerated felon who was convicted in your     
                jurisdiction?                                                  
                -----------------------------------------------------------    
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0160      APPEALS:FED COURT BRIEFS    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0160         LOC  288 WIDTH  1             DK   5 COL 19      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.42  When criminal convictions are appealed by defendants,    
                are you normally involved in any of the following types of     
                appellate work?                                                
                Mark (X) all that apply.                                       
                                                                               
                Q.42a  Filing briefs                                           
                                                                               
                Q.42a(1)  Federal court (any level)                            
                -----------------------------------------------------------    
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked                                             
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0161      APPLS:HGH STATE CRT BRFS    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0161         LOC  289 WIDTH  1             DK   5 COL 20      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.42a(2)  Highest State court of appeals                       
                ----------------------------------------                       
                                                                               
                 See Q.42a for complete question text                          
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked                                             
                                                                               
            62                                                                
                                                                               
             VAR 0162      APPLS:OTH STATE CRT BRFS    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0162         LOC  290 WIDTH  1             DK   5 COL 21      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.42a(3)  Other State court                                    
                ---------------------------                                    
                                                                               
                 See Q.42a for complete question text                          
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked                                             
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0163      APPLS:FED CRT ORAL ARGS     NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0163         LOC  291 WIDTH  1             DK   5 COL 22      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.42b  Oral argument                                           
                                                                               
                Q.42b(1)  Federal court (any level)                            
                -----------------------------------                            
                                                                               
                 See Q.42 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked                                             
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0164      APPLS:HGH STATE CRT ORAL    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0164         LOC  292 WIDTH  1             DK   5 COL 23      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.42b(2)  Highest State court of appeals                       
                ----------------------------------------                       
                                                                               
                 See Q.42b for complete question text                          
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked                                             
                                                                               
                                                                         63   
                                                                               
             VAR 0165      APPLS:OTH STATE CRT ORAL    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0165         LOC  293 WIDTH  1             DK   5 COL 24      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.42b(3)  Other State court                                    
                ---------------------------                                    
                                                                               
                 See Q.42b for complete question text                          
                                                                               
                    1.  Marked                                                 
                    9.  Not marked                                             
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0166      RIGHT APPEAL:MOTIONS        NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0166         LOC  294 WIDTH  1             DK   5 COL 25      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.43  Does the prosecutor have any right of appeal in felony   
                cases -                                                        
                                                                               
                Q.43(a)  From rulings on motions?                              
                ------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0167      RIGHT APPEAL:SENTENCES      NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0167         LOC  295 WIDTH  1             DK   5 COL 26      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.43(b)  From sentences?                                       
                ------------------------                                       
                                                                               
                 See Q.43 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
            64                                                                
                                                                               
             VAR 0168      RIGHT APPEAL:DETMN GUILT    NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0168         LOC  296 WIDTH  1             DK   5 COL 27      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.43(c)  From determinations of guilt or innocence?            
                ---------------------------------------------------            
                                                                               
                 See Q.43 for complete question text                           
                                                                               
                    1.  Yes                                                    
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                There is no variable for Q.43(d): "Other - Specify." For a     
                listing of responses to this item:                             
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 20                                                 
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0169      ANSWERS FOR ALL JURIS                        MD=3   
             REF 0169         LOC  297 WIDTH  1             DK   5 COL 28      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Q.44  Do the answers to any of the above questions refer to    
                your entire prosecutorial district instead of the              
                jurisdiction named on the mailing label?                       
                Mark "N/A" if your prosecutorial district consists of a        
                single jurisdiction.                                           
                -----------------------------------------------------------    
                                                                               
                    2.  No                                                     
                                                                               
                    3.  N/A,  prosecutorial district comprises only a single   
                        jurisdiction                                           
             ...............................................................   
             VAR 0170      POPULATION SERVED           NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0170         LOC  298 WIDTH  7             DK   5 COL 29-35   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Population Served by Prosecutor                                
                -------------------------------                                
                                                                               
                Actual population is coded.                                    
                                                                               
                                                                         65   
                                                                               
             VAR 0171      FELONY CONVICTIONS          NO MISSING DATA CODES   
             REF 0171         LOC  305 WIDTH  5             DK   5 COL 36-40   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                Number of Felony Convictions                                   
                ----------------------------                                   
                                                                               
                Actual number is coded.                                        
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                For a listing of the Notes Section:                            
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 21                                                 
                                                                               
                                                                               
                For a listing of the jurisdictions for which an annual         
                report was not available:                                      
                                                                               
                SEE NOTE(S) 22                                                 
                                                                               
            66                                                                
                                          APPENDIX                             
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE   1 ***                         
                                 FIPS COUNTY CODES BY STATE                    
                                                                               
                                        ALABAMA (01)                           
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  01001     Autauga              01069     Houston             
                  01003     Baldwin              01071     Jackson             
                  01005     Barbour              01073     Jefferson           
                  01007     Bibb                 01075     Lamar               
                  01009     Blount               01077     Lauderdale          
                  01011     Bullock              01079     Lawrence            
                  01013     Butler               01081     Lee                 
                  01015     Calhoun              01083     Limestone           
                  01017     Chambers             01085     Lowndes             
                  01019     Cherokee             01087     Macon               
                  01021     Chilton              01089     Madison             
                  01023     Choctaw              01091     Marengo             
                  01025     Clarke               01093     Marion              
                  01027     Clay                 01095     Marshall            
                  01029     Cleburne             01097     Mobile              
                  01031     Coffee               01099     Monroe              
                  01033     Colbert              01101     Montgomery          
                  01035     Conecuh              01103     Morgan              
                  01037     Coosa                01105     Perry               
                  01039     Covington            01107     Pickens             
                  01041     Crenshaw             01109     Pike                
                  01043     Cullman              01111     Randolph            
                  01045     Dale                 01113     Russell             
                  01047     Dallas               01115     St. Clair           
                  01049     De Kalb              01117     Shelby              
                  01051     Elmore               01119     Sumter              
                  01053     Escambia             01121     Talladega           
                  01055     Etowah               01123     Tallapoosa          
                  01057     Fayette              01125     Tuscaloosa          
                  01059     Franklin             01127     Walker              
                  01061     Geneva               01129     Washington          
                  01063     Greene               01131     Wilcox              
                  01065     Hale                 01133     Winston             
                  01067     Henry                                              
                                                                         67   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                         ALASKA (02)                           
                                                                               
                  County    County                                             
                  Code      Name                                               
                  ------    ------                                             
                  02010     Aleutian Islands                                   
                  02020     Anchorage*                                         
                  02050     Bethel                                             
                  02060     Bristol Bay*                                       
                  02070     Dillingham                                         
                  02090     Fairbanks North Star*                              
                  02100     Haines*                                            
                  02110     Juneau*                                            
                  02122     Kenai Peninsula*                                   
                  02130     Ketchikan Gateway*                                 
                  02140     Kobuk                                              
                  02150     Kodiak Island*                                     
                  02170     Matanuska-Susitna*                                 
                  02180     Nome                                               
                  02185     North Slope*                                       
                  02201     Prince of Wales-                                   
                            Outer Ketchikan                                    
                  02220     Sitka*                                             
                  02231     Skagway-Yakutat-Angoon                             
                  02240     Southeast Fairbanks                                
                  02261     Valdez-Cordova                                     
                  02270     Wade Hampton                                       
                  02280     Wrangell-Petersburg                                
                  02290     Yukon-Koyukuk                                      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                  *Borough                                                     
            68                                                                
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                        ARIZONA (04)                           
                                                                               
                  County    County                                             
                  Code      Name                                               
                  ------    ------                                             
                  04001     Apache                                             
                  04003     Cochise                                            
                  04005     Coconino                                           
                  04007     Gila                                               
                  04009     Graham                                             
                  04011     Greenlee                                           
                  04013     Maricopa                                           
                  04015     Mohave                                             
                  04017     Navajo                                             
                  04019     Pima                                               
                  04021     Pinal                                              
                  04023     Santa Cruz                                         
                  04025     Yavapai                                            
                  04027     Yuma                                               
                                                                         69   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                        ARKANSAS (05)                          
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    -----               
                  05001     Arkansas             05075     Lawrence            
                  05003     Ashley               05077     Lee                 
                  05005     Baxter               05079     Lincoln             
                  05007     Benton               05081     Little River        
                  05009     Boone                05083     Logan               
                  05011     Bradley              05085     Lonoke              
                  05013     Calhoun              05087     Madison             
                  05015     Carroll              05089     Marion              
                  05017     Chicot               05091     Miller              
                  05019     Clark                05093     Mississippi         
                  05021     Clay                 05095     Monroe              
                  05023     Cleburne             05097     Montgomery          
                  05025     Cleveland            05099     Nevada              
                  05027     Columbia             05101     Newton              
                  05029     Conway               05103     Ouachita            
                  05031     Craighead            05105     Perry               
                  05033     Crawford             05107     Phillips            
                  05035     Crittenden           05109     Pike                
                  05037     Cross                05111     Poinsett            
                  05039     Dallas               05113     Polk                
                  05041     Desha                05115     Pope                
                  05043     Drew                 05117     Prairie             
                  05045     Faulkner             05119     Pulaski             
                  05047     Franklin             05121     Randolph            
                  05049     Fulton               05123     St. Francis         
                  05051     Garland              05125     Saline              
                  05053     Grant                05127     Scott               
                  05055     Greene               05129     Searcy              
                  05057     Hempstead            05131     Sebastian           
                  05059     Hot Spring           05133     Sevier              
                  05061     Howard               05135     Sharp               
                  05063     Independence         05137     Stone               
                  05065     Izard                05139     Union               
                  05067     Jackson              05141     Van Buren           
                  05069     Jefferson            05143     Washington          
                  05071     Johnson              05145     White               
                  05073     Lafayette            05147     Woodruff            
                                                 05149     Yell                
            70                                                                
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                       CALIFORNIA (06)                         
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  06001     Alameda              06079     San Luis Obispo     
                  06003     Alpine               06081     San Mateo           
                  06005     Amador               06083     Santa Barbara       
                  06007     Butte                06085     Santa Clara         
                  06009     Calaveras            06087     Santa Cruz          
                  06011     Colusa               06089     Shasta              
                  06013     Contra Costa         06091     Sierra              
                  06015     Del Norte            06093     Siskiyou            
                  06017     El Dorado            06095     Solano              
                  06019     Fresno               06097     Sonoma              
                  06021     Glenn                06099     Stanislaus          
                  06023     Humboldt             06101     Sutter              
                  06025     Imperial             06103     Tehama              
                  06027     Inyo                 06105     Trinity             
                  06029     Kern                 06107     Tulare              
                  06031     Kings                06109     Tuolumne            
                  06033     Lake                 06111     Ventura             
                  06035     Lassen               06113     Yolo                
                  06037     Los Angeles          06115     Yuba                
                  06039     Madera                                             
                  06041     Marin                                              
                  06043     Mariposa                                           
                  06045     Mendocino                                          
                  06047     Merced                                             
                  06049     Modoc                                              
                  06051     Mono                                               
                  06053     Monterey                                           
                  06055     Napa                                               
                  06057     Nevada                                             
                  06059     Orange                                             
                  06061     Placer                                             
                  06063     Plumas                                             
                  06065     Riverside                                          
                  06067     Sacramento                                         
                  06069     San Benito                                         
                  06071     San Bernardino                                     
                  06073     San Diego                                          
                  06075     San Francisco                                      
                  06077     San Joaquin                                        
                                                                         71   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                        COLORADO (08)                          
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  08001     Adams                08079     Mineral             
                  08003     Alamosa              08081     Moffat              
                  08005     Arapahoe             08083     Montezuma           
                  08007     Archuleta            08085     Montrose            
                  08009     Baca                 08087     Morgan              
                  08011     Bent                 08089     Otero               
                  08013     Boulder              08091     Ouray               
                  08015     Chaffee              08093     Park                
                  08017     Cheyenne             08095     Phillips            
                  08019     Clear Creek          08097     Pitkin              
                  08021     Conejos              08099     Prowers             
                  08023     Costilla             08101     Pueblo              
                  08025     Crowley              08103     Rio Blanco          
                  08027     Custer               08105     Rio Grande          
                  08029     Delta                08107     Routt               
                  08031     Denver               08109     Saguache            
                  08033     Dolores              08111     San Juan            
                  08035     Douglas              08113     San Miguel          
                  08037     Eagle                08115     Sedgwick            
                  08039     Elbert               08117     Summit              
                  08041     El Paso              08119     Teller              
                  08043     Fremont              08121     Washington          
                  08045     Garfield             08123     Weld                
                  08047     Gilpin               08125     Yuma                
                  08049     Grand                                              
                  08051     Gunnison                                           
                  08053     Hinsdale                                           
                  08055     Huerfano                                           
                  08057     Jackson                                            
                  08059     Jefferson                                          
                  08061     Kiowa                                              
                  08063     Kit Carson                                         
                  08065     Lake                                               
                  08067     La Plata                                           
                  08069     Larimer                                            
                  08071     Las Animas                                         
                  08073     Lincoln                                            
                  08075     Logan                                              
                  08077     Mesa                                               
            72                                                                
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      CONNECTICUT (09)                         
                                                                               
                  County    County                                             
                  Code      Name                                               
                  ------    ------                                             
                  09001     Fairfield                                          
                  09003     Hartford                                           
                  09005     Litchfield                                         
                  09007     Middlesex                                          
                  09009     New Haven                                          
                  09011     New London                                         
                  09013     Tolland                                            
                  09015     Windham                                            
                                                                               
                                        DELAWARE (10)                          
                                                                               
                  County    County                                             
                  Code      Name                                               
                  ------    ------                                             
                  10001     Kent                                               
                  10003     New Castle                                         
                  10005     Sussex                                             
                                                                               
                                  DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA (11)                    
                                                                               
                  County    County                                             
                  Code      Name                                               
                  ------    ------                                             
                  11001     District of Columbia                               
                                                                         73   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                        FLORIDA (12)                           
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  12001     Alachua              12069     Lake                
                  12003     Baker                12071     Lee                 
                  12005     Bay                  12073     Leon                
                  12007     Bradford             12075     Levy                
                  12009     Brevard              12077     Liberty             
                  12011     Broward              12079     Madison             
                  12013     Calhoun              12081     Manatee             
                  12015     Charlotte            12083     Marion              
                  12017     Citrus               12085     Martin              
                  12019     Clay                 12087     Monroe              
                  12021     Collier              12089     Nassau              
                  12023     Columbia             12091     Okaloosa            
                  12025     Dade                 12093     Okeechobee          
                  12027     De Soto              12095     Orange              
                  12029     Dixie                12097     Osceola             
                  12031     Duval                12099     Palm Beach          
                  12033     Escambia             12101     Pasco               
                  12035     Flagler              12103     Pinellas            
                  12037     Franklin             12105     Polk                
                  12039     Gadsden              12107     Putnam              
                  12041     Gilchrist            12109     St. Johns           
                  12043     Glades               12111     St. Lucie           
                  12045     Gulf                 12113     Santa Rosa          
                  12047     Hamilton             12115     Sarasota            
                  12049     Hardee               12117     Seminole            
                  12051     Hendry               12119     Sumter              
                  12053     Hernando             12121     Suwannee            
                  12055     Highlands            12123     Taylor              
                  12057     Hillsborough         12125     Union               
                  12059     Holmes               12127     Volusia             
                  12061     Indian River         12129     Wakulla             
                  12063     Jackson              12131     Walton              
                  12065     Jefferson            12133     Washington          
                  12067     Lafayette                                          
            74                                                                
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                        GEORGIA (13)                           
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  13001     Appling              13081     Crisp               
                  13003     Atkinson             13083     Dade                
                  13005     Bacon                13085     Dawson              
                  13007     Baker                13087     Decatur             
                  13009     Baldwin              13089     De Kalb             
                  13011     Banks                13091     Dodge               
                  13013     Barrow               13093     Dooly               
                  13015     Bartow               13095     Dougherty           
                  13017     Ben Hill             13097     Douglas             
                  13019     Berrien              13099     Early               
                  13021     Bibb                 13101     Echols              
                  13023     Bleckley             13103     Effingham           
                  13025     Brantley             13105     Elbert              
                  13027     Brooks               13107     Emanuel             
                  13029     Bryan                13109     Evans               
                  13031     Bulloch              13111     Fannin              
                  13033     Burke                13113     Fayette             
                  13035     Butts                13115     Floyd               
                  13037     Calhoun              13117     Forsyth             
                  13039     Camden               13119     Franklin            
                  13043     Candler              13121     Fulton              
                  13045     Carroll              13123     Gilmer              
                  13047     Catoosa              13125     Glascock            
                  13049     Charlton             13127     Glynn               
                  13051     Chatham              13129     Gordon              
                  13053     Chattahoochee        13131     Grady               
                  13055     Chattooga            13133     Greene              
                  13057     Cherokee             13135     Gwinnett            
                  13059     Clarke               13137     Habersham           
                  13061     Clay                 13139     Hall                
                  13063     Clayton              13141     Hancock             
                  13065     Clinch               13143     Haralson            
                  13067     Cobb                 13145     Harris              
                  13069     Coffee               13147     Hart                
                  13071     Colquitt             13149     Heard               
                  13073     Columbia             13151     Henry               
                  13075     Cook                 13153     Houston             
                  13077     Coweta               13155     Irwin               
                  13079     Crawford             13157     Jackson             
                                                                         75   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                     GEORGIA (continued)                       
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  13159     Jasper               13243     Randolph            
                  13161     Jeff Davis           13245     Richmond            
                  13163     Jefferson            13247     Rockdale            
                  13165     Jenkins              13249     Schley              
                  13167     Johnson              13251     Screven             
                  13169     Jones                13253     Seminole            
                  13171     Lamar                13255     Spalding            
                  13173     Lanier               13257     Stephens            
                  13175     Laurens              13259     Stewart             
                  13177     Lee                  13261     Sumter              
                  13179     Liberty              13263     Talbot              
                  13181     Lincoln              13265     Taliaferro          
                  13183     Long                 13267     Tattnall            
                  13185     Lowndes              13269     Taylor              
                  13187     Lumpkin              13271     Telfair             
                  13189     McDuffie             13273     Terrell             
                  13191     McIntosh             13275     Thomas              
                  13193     Macon                13277     Tift                
                  13195     Madison              13279     Toombs              
                  13197     Marion               13281     Towns               
                  13199     Meriwether           13283     Treutlen            
                  13201     Miller               13285     Troup               
                  13205     Mitchell             13287     Turner              
                  13207     Monroe               13289     Twiggs              
                  13209     Montgomery           13291     Union               
                  13211     Morgan               13293     Upson               
                  13213     Murrary              13295     Walker              
                  13215     Muscogee             13297     Walton              
                  13217     Newton               13299     Ware                
                  13219     Oconee               13301     Warren              
                  13221     Oglethorpe           13303     Washington          
                  13223     Paulding             13305     Wayne               
                  13225     Peach                13307     Webster             
                  13227     Pickens              13309     Wheeler             
                  13229     Pierce               13311     White               
                  13231     Pike                 13313     Whitfield           
                  13233     Polk                 13315     Wilcox              
                  13235     Pulaski              13317     Wilkes              
                  13237     Putnam               13319     Wilkinson           
                  13239     Quitman              13321     Worth               
                  13241     Rabun                                              
            76                                                                
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                          GUAM (66)                            
                                                                               
                  County    County                                             
                  Code      Name                                               
                  ------    ------                                             
                  66010     Guam                                               
                                                                               
                                         HAWAII (15)                           
                                                                               
                  County    County                                             
                  Code      Name                                               
                  ------    ------                                             
                  15001     Hawaii                                             
                  15003     Honolulu                                           
                  15005     Kalawao                                            
                  15007     Kauai                                              
                  15009     Maui                                               
                                                                               
                                         IDAHO (16)                            
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  16001     Ada                  16045     Gem                 
                  16003     Adams                16047     Gooding             
                  16005     Bannock              16049     Idaho               
                  16007     Bear Lake            16051     Jefferson           
                  16009     Benewah              16053     Jerome              
                  16011     Bingham              16055     Kootenai            
                  16013     Blaine               16057     Latah               
                  16015     Boise                16059     Lemhi               
                  16017     Bonner               16061     Lewis               
                  16019     Bonnerville          16063     Lincoln             
                  16021     Boundary             16065     Madison             
                  16023     Butte                16067     Minidoka            
                  16025     Camas                16069     Nez Perce           
                  16027     Canyon               16071     Oneida              
                  16029     Caribou              16073     Owyhee              
                  16031     Cassia               16075     Payette             
                  16033     Clark                16077     Power               
                  16035     Clearwater           16079     Shoshone            
                  16037     Custer               16081     Teton               
                  16039     Elmore               16083     Twin Falls          
                  16041     Franklin             16085     Valley              
                  16043     Fremont              16087     Washington          
                                                                         77   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                        ILLINOIS (17)                          
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  17001     Adams                17079     Jasper              
                  17003     Alexander            17081     Jefferson           
                  17005     Bond                 17083     Jersey              
                  17007     Boone                17085     Jo Daviess          
                  17009     Brown                17087     Johnson             
                  17011     Bureau               17089     Kane                
                  17013     Calhoun              17091     Kankakee            
                  17015     Carroll              17093     Kendall             
                  17017     Cass                 17095     Knox                
                  17019     Champaign            17097     Lake                
                  17021     Christian            17099     La Salle            
                  17023     Clark                17101     Lawrence            
                  17025     Clay                 17103     Lee                 
                  17027     Clinton              17105     Livingston          
                  17029     Coles                17107     Logan               
                  17031     Cook                 17109     McDonough           
                  17033     Crawford             17111     McHenry             
                  17035     Cumberland           17113     McLean              
                  17037     De Kalb              17115     Macon               
                  17039     De Witt              17117     Macoupin            
                  17041     Douglas              17119     Madison             
                  17043     Du Page              17121     Marion              
                  17045     Edgar                17123     Marshall            
                  17047     Edwards              17125     Mason               
                  17049     Effingham            17127     Massac              
                  17051     Fayette              17129     Menard              
                  17053     Ford                 17131     Mercer              
                  17055     Franklin             17133     Monroe              
                  17057     Fulton               17135     Montgomery          
                  17059     Gallatin             17137     Morgan              
                  17061     Greene               17139     Moultrie            
                  17063     Grundy               17141     Ogle                
                  17065     Hamilton             17143     Peoria              
                  17067     Hancock              17145     Perry               
                  17069     Hardin               17147     Piatt               
                  17071     Henderson            17149     Pike                
                  17073     Henry                17151     Pope                
                  17075     Iroqouis             17153     Pulaski             
                  17077     Jackson              17155     Putnam              
            78                                                                
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                    ILLINOIS (continued)                       
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  17157     Randolph             17181     Union               
                  17159     Richland             17183     Vermilion           
                  17161     Rock Island          17185     Wabash              
                  17163     St. Clair            17187     Warren              
                  17165     Saline               17189     Washington          
                  17167     Sangamon             17191     Wayne               
                  17169     Schuyler             17193     White               
                  17171     Scott                17195     Whiteside           
                  17173     Shelby               17197     Will                
                  17175     Stark                17199     Williamson          
                  17177     Stephenson           17201     Winnebago           
                  17179     Tazewell             17203     Woodford            
                                                                         79   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                        INDIANA (18)                           
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  18001     Adams                18087     Lagrange            
                  18003     Allen                18089     Lake                
                  18005     Bartholomew          18091     La Porte            
                  18007     Benton               18093     Lawrence            
                  18009     Blackford            18095     Madison             
                  18011     Boone                18097     Marion              
                  18013     Brown                18099     Marshall            
                  18015     Carroll              18101     Martin              
                  18017     Cass                 18103     Miami               
                  18019     Clark                18105     Monroe              
                  18021     Clay                 18107     Montgomery          
                  18023     Clinton              18109     Morgan              
                  18025     Crawford             18111     Newton              
                  18027     Daviess              18113     Noble               
                  18029     Dearborn             18115     Ohio                
                  18031     Decatur              18117     Orange              
                  18033     De Kalb              18119     Owen                
                  18035     Delaware             18121     Parke               
                  18037     Dubois               18123     Perry               
                  18039     Elkhart              18125     Pike                
                  18041     Fayette              18127     Porter              
                  18043     Floyd                18129     Posey               
                  18045     Fountain             18131     Pulaski             
                  18047     Franklin             18133     Putnam              
                  18049     Fulton               18135     Randolph            
                  18051     Gibson               18137     Ripley              
                  18053     Grant                18139     Rush                
                  18055     Greene               18141     St. Joseph          
                  18057     Hamilton             18143     Scott               
                  18059     Hancock              18145     Shelby              
                  18061     Harrison             18147     Spencer             
                  18063     Hendricks            18149     Starke              
                  18065     Henry                18151     Steuben             
                  18067     Howard               18153     Sullivan            
                  18069     Huntington           18155     Switzerland         
                  18071     Jackson              18157     Tippecanoe          
                  18073     Jasper               18159     Tipton              
                  18075     Jay                  18161     Union               
                  18077     Jefferson            18163     Vanderburgh         
                  18079     Jennings             18165     Vermillon           
                  18081     Johnson              18167     Vigo                
                  18083     Knox                 18169     Wabash              
                  18085     Kosciusko            18171     Warren              
            80                                                                
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                     INDIANA (continued)                       
                                                                               
                  County    County                                             
                  Code      Name                                               
                  ------    ------                                             
                  18173     Warrick                                            
                  18175     Washington                                         
                  18177     Wayne                                              
                  18179     Wells                                              
                  18181     White                                              
                  18183     Whitley                                            
                                                                         81   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                          IOWA (19)                            
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  19001     Adair                19087     Henry               
                  19003     Adams                19089     Howard              
                  19005     Allamakee            19091     Humboldt            
                  19007     Appanoose            19093     Ida                 
                  19009     Audubon              19095     Iowa                
                  19011     Benton               19097     Jackson             
                  19013     Black Hawk           19099     Jasper              
                  19015     Boone                19101     Jefferson           
                  19017     Bremer               19103     Johnson             
                  19019     Buchanan             19105     Jones               
                  19021     Buena Vista          19107     Keokuk              
                  19023     Butler               19109     Kossuth             
                  19025     Calhoun              19111     Lee                 
                  19027     Carroll              19113     Linn                
                  19029     Cass                 19115     Louisa              
                  19031     Cedar                19117     Lucas               
                  19033     Cerro Gordo          19119     Lyon                
                  19035     Cherokee             19121     Madison             
                  19037     Chickasaw            19123     Mahaska             
                  19039     Clarke               19125     Marion              
                  19041     Clay                 19127     Marshall            
                  19043     Clayton              19129     Mills               
                  19045     Clinton              19131     Mitchell            
                  19047     Crawford             19133     Monona              
                  19049     Dallas               19135     Monroe              
                  19051     Davis                19137     Montgomery          
                  19053     Decatur              19139     Muscatine           
                  19055     Delaware             19141     O'Brien             
                  19057     Des Moines           19143     Osceola             
                  19059     Dickinson            19145     Page                
                  19061     Dubuque              19147     Palo Alto           
                  19063     Emmet                19149     Plymouth            
                  19065     Fayette              19151     Pocahontas          
                  19067     Floyd                19153     Polk                
                  19069     Franklin             19155     Pottawattamie       
                  19071     Fremont              19157     Poweshiek           
                  19073     Greene               19159     Ringgold            
                  19075     Grundy               19161     Sac                 
                  19077     Guthrie              19163     Scott               
                  19079     Hamilton             19165     Shelby              
                  19081     Hancock              19167     Sioux               
                  19083     Hardin               19169     Story               
                  19085     Harrison             19171     Tama                
            82                                                                
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      IOWA (continued)                         
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  19173     Taylor               19189     Winnebago           
                  19175     Union                19191     Winneshiek          
                  19177     Van Buren            19193     Woodbury            
                  19179     Wapello              19195     Worth               
                  19181     Warren               19197     Wright              
                  19183     Washington                                         
                  19185     Wayne                                              
                  19187     Webster                                            
                                                                         83   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                         KANSAS (20)                           
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  20001     Allen                20081     Haskell             
                  20003     Anderson             20083     Hodgeman            
                  20005     Atchison             20085     Jackson             
                  20007     Barber               20087     Jefferson           
                  20009     Barton               20089     Jewell              
                  20011     Bourbon              20091     Johnson             
                  20013     Brown                20093     Kearny              
                  20015     Butler               20095     Kingman             
                  20017     Chase                20097     Kiowa               
                  20019     Chautauqua           20099     Labette             
                  20021     Cherokee             20101     Lane                
                  20023     Cheyenne             20103     Leavenworth         
                  20025     Clark                20105     Lincoln             
                  20027     Clay                 20107     Linn                
                  20029     Cloud                20109     Logan               
                  20031     Coffey               20111     Lyon                
                  20033     Comanche             20113     McPherson           
                  20035     Cowley               20115     Marion              
                  20037     Crawford             20117     Marshall            
                  20039     Decatur              20119     Meade               
                  20041     Dickinson            20121     Miami               
                  20043     Doniphan             20123     Mitchell            
                  20045     Douglas              20125     Montgomery          
                  20047     Edwards              20127     Morris              
                  20049     Elk                  20129     Morton              
                  20051     Ellis                20131     Nemaha              
                  20053     Ellsworth            20133     Neosho              
                  20055     Finney               20135     Ness                
                  20057     Ford                 20137     Norton              
                  20059     Franklin             20139     Osage               
                  20061     Geary                20141     Osborne             
                  20063     Gove                 20143     Ottawa              
                  20065     Graham               20145     Pawnee              
                  20067     Grant                20147     Phillips            
                  20069     Gray                 20149     Pottawatomie        
                  20071     Greeley              20151     Pratt               
                  20073     Greenwood            20153     Rawlins             
                  20075     Hamilton             20155     Reno                
                  20077     Harper               20157     Republic            
                  20079     Harvey               20159     Rice                
            84                                                                
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                     KANSAS (continued)                        
                                                                               
                  County    County                                             
                  Code      Name                                               
                  ------    ------                                             
                  20161     Riley                                              
                  20163     Rooks                                              
                  20165     Rush                                               
                  20167     Russell                                            
                  20169     Saline                                             
                  20171     Scott                                              
                  20173     Sedgwick                                           
                  20175     Seward                                             
                  20177     Shawnee                                            
                  20179     Sheridan                                           
                  20181     Sherman                                            
                  20183     Smith                                              
                  20185     Stafford                                           
                  20187     Stanton                                            
                  20189     Stevens                                            
                  20191     Sumner                                             
                  20193     Thomas                                             
                  20195     Trego                                              
                  20197     Wabaunsee                                          
                  20199     Wallace                                            
                  20201     Washington                                         
                  20203     Wichita                                            
                  20205     Wilson                                             
                  20207     Woodson                                            
                  20209     Wyandotte                                          
                                                                         85   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                        KENTUCKY (21)                          
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  21001     Adair                21081     Grant               
                  21003     Allen                21083     Graves              
                  21005     Anderson             21085     Grayson             
                  21007     Ballard              21087     Green               
                  21009     Barren               21089     Greenup             
                  21011     Bath                 21091     Hancock             
                  21013     Bell                 21093     Hardin              
                  21015     Boone                21095     Harlan              
                  21017     Bourbon              21097     Harrison            
                  21019     Boyd                 21099     Hart                
                  21021     Boyle                21101     Henderson           
                  21023     Bracken              21103     Henry               
                  21025     Breathitt            21105     Hickman             
                  21027     Breckinridge         21107     Hopkins             
                  21029     Bullitt              21109     Jackson             
                  21031     Butler               21111     Jefferson           
                  21033     Caldwell             21113     Jessamine           
                  21035     Calloway             21115     Johnson             
                  21037     Campbell             21117     Kenton              
                  21039     Carlisle             21119     Knott               
                  21041     Carroll              21121     Knox                
                  21043     Carter               21123     Larue               
                  21045     Casey                21125     Laurel              
                  21047     Christian            21127     Lawrence            
                  21049     Clark                21129     Lee                 
                  21051     Clay                 21131     Leslie              
                  21053     Clinton              21133     Letcher             
                  21055     Crittenden           21135     Lewis               
                  21057     Cumberland           21137     Lincoln             
                  21059     Daviess              21139     Livingston          
                  21061     Edmonson             21141     Logan               
                  21063     Elliott              21143     Lyon                
                  21065     Estill               21145     McCracken           
                  21067     Fayette              21147     McCreary            
                  21069     Fleming              21149     McLean              
                  21071     Floyd                21151     Madison             
                  21073     Franklin             21153     Magoffin            
                  21075     Fulton               21155     Marion              
                  21077     Gallatin             21157     Marshall            
                  21079     Garrard              21159     Martin              
            86                                                                
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                    KENTUCKY (continued)                       
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  21161     Mason                21201     Robertson           
                  21163     Meade                21203     Rockcastle          
                  21165     Menifee              21205     Rowan               
                  21167     Mercer               21207     Russell             
                  21169     Metcalfe             21209     Scott               
                  21171     Monroe               21211     Shelby              
                  21173     Montgomery           21213     Simpson             
                  21175     Morgan               21215     Spencer             
                  21177     Muhlenberg           21217     Taylor              
                  21179     Nelson               21219     Todd                
                  21181     Nicholas             21221     Trigg               
                  21183     Ohio                 21223     Trimble             
                  21185     Oldham               21225     Union               
                  21187     Owen                 21227     Warren              
                  21189     Owsley               21229     Washington          
                  21191     Pendleton            21231     Wayne               
                  21193     Perry                21233     Webster             
                  21195     Pike                 21235     Whitley             
                  21197     Powell               21237     Wolfe               
                  21199     Pulaski              21239     Woodford            
                                                                         87   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                       LOUISIANA (22)                          
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  22001     Acadia               22079     Rapides             
                  22003     Allen                22081     Red River           
                  22005     Ascension            22083     Richland            
                  22007     Assumption           22085     Sabine              
                  22009     Avoyelles            22087     St. Bernard         
                  22011     Beauregard           22089     St. Charles         
                  22013     Bienville            22091     St. Helena          
                  22015     Bossier              22093     St. James           
                  22017     Caddo                22095     St. John the        
                  22019     Calcasieu                      Baptist             
                  22021     Caldwell             22097     St. Landry          
                  22023     Cameron              22099     St. Martin          
                  22025     Catahoula            22101     St. Mary            
                  22027     Claiborne            22103     St. Tammany         
                  22029     Concordia            22105     Tangipahoa          
                  22031     De Soto              22107     Tensas              
                  22033     East Baton Rouge     22109     Terrebonne          
                  22035     East Carroll         22111     Union               
                  22037     East Feliciana       22113     Vermilion           
                  22039     Evangeline           22115     Vernon              
                  22041     Franklin             22117     Washington          
                  22043     Grant                22119     Webster             
                  22045     Iberia               22121     West Baton Rouge    
                  22047     Iberville            22123     West Carroll        
                  22049     Jackson              22125     West Feliciana      
                  22051     Jefferson            22127     Winn                
                  22053     Jefferson Davis                                    
                  22055     Lafayette                                          
                  22057     Lafourche                                          
                  22059     La Salle                                           
                  22061     Lincoln                                            
                  22063     Livingston                                         
                  22065     Madison                                            
                  22067     Morehouse                                          
                  22069     Natchitoches                                       
                  22071     Orleans                                            
                  22073     Ouachita                                           
                  22075     Plaquemines                                        
                  22077     Pointe Coupee                                      
            88                                                                
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                         MAINE (23)                            
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  23001     Androscoggin         23017     Oxford              
                  23003     Aroostook            23019     Penobscot           
                  23005     Cumberland           23021     Piscataquis         
                  23007     Franklin             23023     Sagadahoc           
                  23009     Hancock              23025     Somerset            
                  23011     Kennebec             23027     Waldo               
                  23013     Knox                 23029     Washington          
                  23015     Lincoln              23031     York                
                                                                               
                                        MARYLAND (24)                          
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  24001     Allegany             24025     Harford             
                  24003     Anne Arundel         24027     Howard              
                  24005     Baltimore            24029     Kent                
                  24007     Baltimore *          24031     Montgomery          
                  24009     Calvert              24033     Prince George's     
                  24011     Caroline             24035     Queen Anne's        
                  24013     Carroll              24037     St. Mary's          
                  24015     Cecil                24039     Somerset            
                  24017     Charles              24041     Talbot              
                  24019     Dorchester           24043     Washington          
                  24021     Frederick            24045     Wicomico            
                  24023     Garrett              24047     Worcester           
                                                                               
                                     INDEPENDENT CITY OF                       
                                          MARYLAND                             
                                                                               
                  County    City                                               
                  Code      Name                                               
                  ------    ------                                             
                  24410     Baltimore                                          
                  24510     Baltimore *                                        
                                                                               
                                                                               
                *  1982 County Codes                                           
                                                                         89   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                     MASSACHUSETTS (25)                        
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  25001     Barnstable           25015     Hampshire           
                  25003     Berkshire            25017     Middlesex           
                  25005     Bristol              25019     Nantucket           
                  25007     Dukes                25021     Norfolk             
                  25009     Essex                25023     Plymouth            
                  25011     Franklin             25025     Suffolk             
                  25013     Hampden              25027     Worcester           
            90                                                                
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                        MICHIGAN (26)                          
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  26001     Alcona               26085     Lake                
                  26003     Alger                26087     Lapeer              
                  26005     Allegan              26089     Leelanau            
                  26007     Alpena               26091     Lenawee             
                  26009     Antrim               26093     Livingston          
                  26011     Arenac               26095     Luce                
                  26013     Baraga               26097     Mackinac            
                  26015     Barry                26099     Macomb              
                  26017     Bay                  26101     Manistee            
                  26019     Benzie               26103     Marquette           
                  26021     Berrien              26105     Mason               
                  26023     Branch               26107     Mecosta             
                  26025     Calhoun              26109     Menominee           
                  26027     Cass                 26111     Midland             
                  26029     Charlevoix           26113     Missaukee           
                  26031     Cheboygan            26115     Monroe              
                  26033     Chippewa             26117     Montcalm            
                  26035     Clare                26119     Montmorency         
                  26037     Clinton              26121     Muskegon            
                  26039     Crawford             26123     Newaygo             
                  26041     Delta                26125     Oakland             
                  26043     Dickinson            26127     Oceana              
                  26045     Eaton                26129     Ogemaw              
                  26047     Emmet                26131     Ontonagon           
                  26049     Genesee              26133     Osceola             
                  26051     Gladwin              26135     Oscoda              
                  26053     Gogebic              26137     Otsego              
                  26055     Grand Traverse       26139     Ottawa              
                  26057     Gratiot              26141     Presque Isle        
                  26059     Hillsdale            26143     Roscommon           
                  26061     Houghton             26145     Saginaw             
                  26063     Huron                26147     St. Clair           
                  26065     Ingham               26149     St. Joseph          
                  26067     Ionia                26151     Sanilac             
                  26069     Iosca                26153     Schoolcraft         
                  26071     Iron                 26155     Shiawassee          
                  26073     Isabella             26157     Tuscola             
                  26075     Jackson              26159     Van Buren           
                  26077     Kalamazoo            26161     Washtenaw           
                  26079     Kalkaska             26163     Wayne               
                  26081     Kent                 26165     Wexford             
                  26083     Keweenaw                                           
                                                                         91   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                       MINNESOTA (27)                          
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  27001     Aitkin               27089     Marshall            
                  27003     Anoka                27091     Martin              
                  27005     Becker               27093     Meeker              
                  27007     Beltrami             27095     Mille Lacs          
                  27009     Benton               27097     Morrison            
                  27011     Big Stone            27099     Mower               
                  27013     Blue Earth           27101     Murray              
                  27015     Brown                27103     Nicollet            
                  27017     Carlton              27105     Nobles              
                  27019     Carver               27107     Norman              
                  27021     Cass                 27109     Olmsted             
                  27023     Chippewa             27111     Otter Tail          
                  27025     Chisago              27113     Pennington          
                  27027     Clay                 27115     Pine                
                  27029     Clearwater           27117     Pipestone           
                  27031     Cook                 27119     Polk                
                  27033     Cottonwood           27121     Pope                
                  27035     Crow Wing            27123     Ramsey              
                  27037     Dakota               27125     Red Lake            
                  27039     Dodge                27127     Redwood             
                  27041     Douglas              27129     Renville            
                  27043     Faribault            27131     Rice                
                  27045     Fillmore             27133     Rock                
                  27047     Freeborn             27135     Roseau              
                  27049     Goodhue              27137     St. Louis           
                  27051     Grant                27139     Scott               
                  27053     Hennepin             27141     Sherburne           
                  27055     Houston              27143     Sibley              
                  27057     Hubbard              27145     Stearns             
                  27059     Isanti               27147     Steele              
                  27061     Itasca               27149     Stevens             
                  27063     Jackson              27151     Swift               
                  27065     Kanabec              27153     Todd                
                  27067     Kandiyohi            27155     Traverse            
                  27069     Kittson              27157     Wabasha             
                  27071     Koochiching          27159     Wadena              
                  27073     Lac qui Parle        27161     Waseca              
                  27075     Lake                 27163     Washington          
                  27077     Lake of the Woods    27165     Watonwan            
                  27079     Le Sueur             27167     Wilkin              
                  27081     Lincoln              27169     Winona              
                  27083     Lyon                 27171     Wright              
                  27085     McLeod               27173     Yellow Medicine     
                  27087     Mahnomen                                           
            92                                                                
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      MISSISSIPPI (28)                         
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  28001     Adams                28085     Lincoln             
                  28003     Alcorn               28087     Lowndes             
                  28005     Amite                28089     Madison             
                  28007     Attala               28091     Marion              
                  28009     Benton               28093     Marshall            
                  28011     Bolivar              28095     Monroe              
                  28013     Calhoun              28097     Montgomery          
                  28015     Carroll              28099     Neshoba             
                  28017     Chickasaw            28101     Newton              
                  28019     Choctaw              28103     Noxubee             
                  28021     Claiborne            28105     Oktibbeha           
                  28023     Clarke               28107     Panola              
                  28025     Clay                 28109     Pearl River         
                  28027     Coahoma              28111     Perry               
                  28029     Copiah               28113     Pike                
                  28031     Covington            28115     Pontotoc            
                  28033     De Soto              28117     Prentiss            
                  28035     Forrest              28119     Quitman             
                  28037     Franklin             28121     Rankin              
                  28039     George               28123     Scott               
                  28041     Greene               28125     Sharkey             
                  28043     Grenada              28127     Simpson             
                  28045     Hancock              28129     Smith               
                  28047     Harrison             28131     Stone               
                  28049     Hinds                28133     Sunflower           
                  28051     Holmes               28135     Tallahatchie        
                  28053     Humphreys            28137     Tate                
                  28055     Issaquena            28139     Tippah              
                  28057     Itawamba             28141     Tishomingo          
                  28059     Jackson              28143     Tunica              
                  28061     Jasper               28145     Union               
                  28063     Jefferson            28147     Walthall            
                  28065     Jefferson Davis      28149     Warren              
                  28067     Jones                28151     Washington          
                  28069     Kemper               28153     Wayne               
                  28071     Lafayette            28155     Webster             
                  28073     Lamar                28157     Wilkinson           
                  28075     Lauderdale           28159     Winston             
                  28077     Lawrence             28161     Yalobusha           
                  28079     Leake                28163     Yazoo               
                  28081     Lee                                                
                  28083     Leflore                                            
                                                                         93   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                        MISSOURI (29)                          
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  29001     Adair                29085     Hickory             
                  29003     Andrew               29087     Holt                
                  29005     Atchison             29089     Howard              
                  29007     Audrain              29091     Howell              
                  29009     Barry                29093     Iron                
                  29011     Barton               29095     Jackson             
                  29013     Bates                29097     Jasper              
                  29015     Benton               29099     Jefferson           
                  29017     Bollinger            29101     Johnson             
                  29019     Boone                29103     Knox                
                  29021     Buchanan             29105     Laclede             
                  29023     Butler               29107     Lafayette           
                  29025     Caldwell             29109     Lawrence            
                  29027     Callaway             29111     Lewis               
                  29029     Camden               29113     Lincoln             
                  29031     Cape Girardeau       29115     Linn                
                  29033     Carroll              29117     Livingston          
                  29035     Carter               29119     McDonald            
                  29037     Cass                 29121     Macon               
                  29039     Cedar                29123     Madison             
                  29041     Chariton             29125     Maries              
                  29043     Christian            29127     Marion              
                  29045     Clark                29129     Mercer              
                  29047     Clay                 29131     Miller              
                  29049     Clinton              29133     Mississippi         
                  29051     Cole                 29135     Moniteau            
                  29053     Cooper               29137     Monroe              
                  29055     Crawford             29139     Montgomery          
                  29057     Dade                 29141     Morgan              
                  29059     Dallas               29143     New Madrid          
                  29061     Daviess              29145     Newton              
                  29063     De Kalb              29147     Nodaway             
                  29065     Dent                 29149     Oregon              
                  29067     Douglas              29151     Osage               
                  29069     Dunklin              29153     Ozark               
                  29071     Franklin             29155     Pemiscot            
                  29073     Gasconade            29157     Perry               
                  29075     Gentry               29159     Pettis              
                  29077     Greene               29161     Phelps              
                  29079     Grundy               29163     Pike                
                  29081     Harrison             29165     Platte              
                  29083     Henry                29167     Polk                
            94                                                                
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                    MISSOURI (continued)                       
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  29169     Pulaski              29201     Scott               
                  29171     Putnam               29203     Shannon             
                  29173     Ralls                29205     Shelby              
                  29175     Randolph             29207     Stoddard            
                  29177     Ray                  29209     Stone               
                  29179     Reynolds             29211     Sullivan            
                  29181     Ripley               29213     Taney               
                  29183     St. Charles          29215     Texas               
                  29185     St. Clair            29217     Vernon              
                  29186     St. Genevieve        29219     Warren              
                  29187     St. Francois         29221     Washington          
                  29189     St. Louis            29223     Wayne               
                  29193     St. Genevieve *      29225     Webster             
                  29195     Saline               29227     Worth               
                  29197     Schuyler             29229     Wright              
                  29199     Scotland                                           
                                                                               
                                     INDEPENDENT CITY OF                       
                                          MISSOURI                             
                                                                               
                  County    City                                               
                  Code      Name                                               
                  ------    ------                                             
                  29510     St. Louis                                          
                                                                               
                                                                               
                  *  1982 County Codes                                         
                                                                         95   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                        MONTANA (30)                           
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  30001     Beaverhead           30061     Mineral             
                  30003     Big Horn             30063     Missoula            
                  30005     Blaine               30065     Musselshell         
                  30007     Broadwater           30067     Park                
                  30009     Carbon               30069     Petroleum           
                  30011     Carter               30071     Phillips            
                  30013     Cascade              30073     Pondera             
                  30015     Chouteau             30075     Powder River        
                  30017     Custer               30077     Powell              
                  30019     Daniels              30079     Prairie             
                  30021     Dawson               30081     Ravalli             
                  30023     Deer Lodge           30083     Richland            
                  30025     Fallon               30085     Roosevelt           
                  30027     Fergus               30087     Rosebud             
                  30029     Flathead             30089     Sanders             
                  30031     Gallatin             30091     Sheridan            
                  30033     Garfield             30093     Silver Bow          
                  30035     Glacier              30095     Stillwater          
                  30037     Golden Valley        30097     Sweet Grass         
                  30039     Granite              30099     Teton               
                  30041     Hill                 30101     Toole               
                  30043     Jefferson            30103     Treasure            
                  30045     Judith Basin         30105     Valley              
                  30047     Lake                 30107     Wheatland           
                  30049     Lewis and Clark      30109     Wibaux              
                  30051     Liberty              30111     Yellowstone         
                  30053     Lincoln              30113     Yellowstone         
                  30055     McCone                         National Park       
                  30057     Madison                                            
                  30059     Meagher                                            
            96                                                                
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                        NEBRASKA (31)                          
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  31001     Adams                31079     Hall                
                  31003     Antelope             31081     Hamilton            
                  31005     Arthur               31083     Harlan              
                  31007     Banner               31085     Hayes               
                  31009     Blaine               31087     Hitchcock           
                  31011     Boone                31089     Holt                
                  31013     Box Butte            31091     Hooker              
                  31015     Boyd                 31093     Howard              
                  31017     Brown                31095     Jefferson           
                  31019     Buffalo              31097     Johnson             
                  31021     Burt                 31099     Kearney             
                  31023     Butler               31101     Keith               
                  31025     Cass                 31103     Keya Paha           
                  31027     Cedar                31105     Kimball             
                  31029     Chase                31107     Knox                
                  31031     Cherry               31109     Lancaster           
                  31033     Cheyenne             31111     Lincoln             
                  31035     Clay                 31113     Logan               
                  31037     Colfax               31115     Loup                
                  31039     Cuming               31117     McPherson           
                  31041     Custer               31119     Madison             
                  31043     Dakota               31121     Merrick             
                  31045     Dawes                31123     Morrill             
                  31047     Dawson               31125     Nance               
                  31049     Deuel                31127     Nemaha              
                  31051     Dixon                31129     Nuckolls            
                  31053     Dodge                31131     Otoe                
                  31055     Douglas              31133     Pawnee              
                  31057     Dundy                31135     Perkins             
                  31059     Fillmore             31137     Phelps              
                  31061     Franklin             31139     Pierce              
                  31063     Frontier             31141     Platte              
                  31065     Furnas               31143     Polk                
                  31067     Gage                 31145     Red Willow          
                  31069     Garden               31147     Richardson          
                  31071     Garfield             31149     Rock                
                  31073     Gosper               31151     Saline              
                  31075     Grant                31153     Sarpy               
                  31077     Greeley              31155     Saunders            
                                                                         97   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                    NEBRASKA (continued)                       
                                                                               
                  County    County                                             
                  Code      Name                                               
                  ------    ------                                             
                  31157     Scotts Bluff                                       
                  31159     Seward                                             
                  31161     Sheridan                                           
                  31163     Sherman                                            
                  31165     Sioux                                              
                  31167     Stanton                                            
                  31169     Thayer                                             
                  31171     Thomas                                             
                  31173     Thurston                                           
                  31175     Valley                                             
                  31177     Washington                                         
                  31179     Wayne                                              
                  31181     Webster                                            
                  31183     Wheeler                                            
                  31185     York                                               
            98                                                                
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                         NEVADA (32)                           
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  32001     Churchill            32017     Lincoln             
                  32003     Clark                32019     Lyon                
                  32005     Douglas              32021     Mineral             
                  32007     Elko                 32023     Nye                 
                  32009     Esmeralda            32027     Pershing            
                  32011     Eureka               32029     Storey              
                  32013     Humboldt             32031     Washoe              
                  32015     Lander               32033     White Pine          
                                                                               
                                     INDEPENDENT CITY OF                       
                                           NEVADA                              
                                                                               
                  County    City                                               
                  Code      Name                                               
                  ------    ------                                             
                  32510     Carson City                                        
                                                                               
                                     NEW HAMPSHIRE (33)                        
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  33001     Belknap              33011     Hillsborough        
                  33003     Carroll              33013     Merrimack           
                  33005     Cheshire             33015     Rockingham          
                  33007     Coos                 33017     Strafford           
                  33009     Grafton              33019     Sullivan            
                                                                         99   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                       NEW JERSEY (34)                         
                                                                               
                  County    County                                             
                  Code      Name                                               
                  ------    ------                                             
                  34001     Atlantic                                           
                  34003     Bergen                                             
                  34005     Burlington                                         
                  34007     Camden                                             
                  34009     Cape May                                           
                  34011     Cumberland                                         
                  34013     Essex                                              
                  34015     Gloucester                                         
                  34017     Hudson                                             
                  34019     Hunterdon                                          
                  34021     Mercer                                             
                  34023     Middlesex                                          
                  34025     Monmouth                                           
                  34027     Morris                                             
                  34029     Ocean                                              
                  34031     Passaic                                            
                  34033     Salem                                              
                  34035     Somerset                                           
                  34037     Sussex                                             
                  34039     Union                                              
                  34041     Warren                                             
            100                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                       NEW MEXICO (35)                         
                                                                               
                  County    County                                             
                  Code      Name                                               
                  ------    ------                                             
                  35001     Bernalillo                                         
                  35003     Catron                                             
                  35005     Chaves                                             
                  35006     Cibola                                             
                  35007     Colfax                                             
                  35009     Curry                                              
                  35011     De Baca                                            
                  35013     Dona Ana                                           
                  35015     Eddy                                               
                  35017     Grant                                              
                  35019     Guadalupe                                          
                  35021     Harding                                            
                  35023     Hidalgo                                            
                  35025     Lea                                                
                  35027     Lincoln                                            
                  35028     Los Alamos                                         
                  35029     Luna                                               
                  35031     McKinley                                           
                  35033     Mora                                               
                  35035     Otero                                              
                  35037     Quay                                               
                  35039     Rio Arriba                                         
                  35041     Roosevelt                                          
                  35043     Sandoval                                           
                  35045     San Juan                                           
                  35047     San Miguel                                         
                  35049     Santa Fe                                           
                  35051     Sierra                                             
                  35053     Socorro                                            
                  35055     Taos                                               
                  35057     Torrance                                           
                  35059     Union                                              
                  35061     Valencia                                           
                                                                        101   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                        NEW YORK (36)                          
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  36001     Albany               36065     Oneida              
                  36003     Allegany             36067     Onondaga            
                  36005     Bronx                36069     Ontario             
                  36007     Broome               36071     Orange              
                  36009     Cattaraugus          36073     Orleans             
                  36011     Cayuga               36075     Oswego              
                  36013     Chautauqua           36077     Otsego              
                  36015     Chemung              36079     Putnam              
                  36017     Chenango             36081     Queens              
                  36019     Clinton              36083     Rensselaer          
                  36021     Columbia             36085     Richmond            
                  36023     Cortland             36087     Rockland            
                  36025     Delaware             36089     St. Lawrence        
                  36027     Dutchess             36091     Saratoga            
                  36029     Erie                 36093     Schenectady         
                  36031     Essex                36095     Schoharie           
                  36033     Franklin             36097     Schuyler            
                  36035     Fulton               36099     Seneca              
                  36037     Genesee              36101     Steuben             
                  36039     Greene               36103     Suffolk             
                  36041     Hamilton             36105     Sullivan            
                  36043     Herkimer             36107     Tioga               
                  36045     Jefferson            36109     Tompkins            
                  36047     Kings                36111     Ulster              
                  36049     Lewis                36113     Warren              
                  36051     Livingston           36115     Washington          
                  36053     Madison              36117     Wayne               
                  36055     Monroe               36119     Westchester         
                  36057     Montgomery           36121     Wyoming             
                  36059     Nassau               36123     Yates               
                  36061     New York                                           
                  36063     Niagara                                            
            102                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                     NORTH CAROLINA (37)                       
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  37001     Alamance             37081     Guilford            
                  37003     Alexander            37083     Halifax             
                  37005     Alleghany            37085     Harnett             
                  37007     Anson                37087     Haywood             
                  37009     Ashe                 37089     Henderson           
                  37011     Avery                37091     Hertford            
                  37013     Beaufort             37093     Hoke                
                  37015     Bertie               37095     Hyde                
                  37017     Bladen               37097     Iredell             
                  37019     Brunswick            37099     Jackson             
                  37021     Buncombe             37101     Johnston            
                  37023     Burke                37103     Jones               
                  37025     Cabarrus             37105     Lee                 
                  37027     Caldwell             37107     Lenoir              
                  37029     Camden               37109     Lincoln             
                  37031     Carteret             37111     McDowell            
                  37033     Caswell              37113     Macon               
                  37035     Catawba              37115     Madison             
                  37037     Chatham              37117     Martin              
                  37039     Cherokee             37119     Mecklenburg         
                  37041     Chowan               37121     Mitchell            
                  37043     Clay                 37123     Montgomery          
                  37045     Cleveland            37125     Moore               
                  37047     Columbus             37127     Nash                
                  37049     Craven               37129     New Hanover         
                  37051     Cumberland           37131     Northampton         
                  37053     Currituck            37133     Onslow              
                  37055     Dare                 37135     Orange              
                  37057     Davidson             37137     Pamlico             
                  37059     Davie                37139     Pasquotank          
                  37061     Duplin               37141     Pender              
                  37063     Durham               37143     Perquimans          
                  37065     Edgecombe            37145     Person              
                  37067     Forsyth              37147     Pitt                
                  37069     Franklin             37149     Polk                
                  37071     Gaston               37151     Randolph            
                  37073     Gates                37153     Richmond            
                  37075     Graham               37155     Robeson             
                  37077     Granville            37157     Rockingham          
                  37079     Greene               37159     Rowan               
                                                                        103   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                 NORTH CAROLINA (continued)                    
                                                                               
                  County    County                                             
                  Code      Name                                               
                  ------    ------                                             
                  37161     Rutherford                                         
                  37163     Sampson                                            
                  37165     Scotland                                           
                  37167     Stanly                                             
                  37169     Stokes                                             
                  37171     Surry                                              
                  37173     Swain                                              
                  37175     Translvania                                        
                  37177     Tyrrell                                            
                  37179     Union                                              
                  37181     Vance                                              
                  37183     Wake                                               
                  37185     Warren                                             
                  37187     Washington                                         
                  37189     Watauga                                            
                  37191     Wayne                                              
                  37193     Wilkes                                             
                  37195     Wilson                                             
                  37197     Yadkin                                             
                  37199     Yancey                                             
            104                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      NORTH DAKOTA (38)                        
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  38001     Adams                38057     Mercer              
                  38003     Barnes               38059     Morton              
                  38005     Benson               38061     Mountrail           
                  38007     Billings             38063     Nelson              
                  38009     Bottineau            38065     Oliver              
                  38011     Bowman               38067     Pembina             
                  38013     Burke                38069     Pierce              
                  38015     Burleigh             38071     Ramsey              
                  38017     Cass                 38073     Ransom              
                  38019     Cavalier             38075     Renville            
                  38021     Dickey               38077     Richland            
                  38023     Divide               38079     Rolette             
                  38025     Dunn                 38081     Sargent             
                  38027     Eddy                 38083     Sheridan            
                  38029     Emmons               38085     Sioux               
                  38031     Foster               38087     Slope               
                  38033     Golden Valley        38089     Stark               
                  38035     Grand Forks          38091     Steele              
                  38037     Grant                38093     Stutsman            
                  38039     Griggs               38095     Towner              
                  38041     Hettinger            38097     Traill              
                  38043     Kidder               38099     Walsh               
                  38045     La Moure             38101     Ward                
                  38047     Logan                38103     Wells               
                  38049     McHenry              38105     Williams            
                  38051     McIntosh                                           
                  38053     McKenzie                                           
                  38055     McLean                                             
                                                                               
                                NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS (75)                  
                                                                               
                  County    County                                             
                  Code      Name                                               
                  ------    ------                                             
                  75010     Northern Mariana Islands                           
                                                                        105   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                          OHIO (39)                            
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  39001     Adams                39089     Licking             
                  39003     Allen                39091     Logan               
                  39005     Ashland              39093     Lorain              
                  39007     Ashtabula            39095     Lucas               
                  39009     Athens               39097     Madison             
                  39011     Auglaize             39099     Mahoning            
                  39013     Belmont              39101     Marion              
                  39015     Brown                39103     Medina              
                  39017     Butler               39105     Meigs               
                  39019     Carroll              39107     Mercer              
                  39021     Champaign            39109     Miami               
                  39023     Clark                39111     Monroe              
                  39025     Clermont             39113     Montgomery          
                  39027     Clinton              39115     Morgan              
                  39029     Columbiana           39117     Morrow              
                  39031     Coshocton            39119     Muskingum           
                  39033     Crawford             39121     Noble               
                  39035     Cuyahoga             39123     Ottawa              
                  39037     Darke                39125     Paulding            
                  39039     Defiance             39127     Perry               
                  39041     Delaware             39129     Pickaway            
                  39043     Erie                 39131     Pike                
                  39045     Fairfield            39133     Portage             
                  39047     Fayette              39135     Preble              
                  39049     Franklin             39137     Putnam              
                  39051     Fulton               39139     Richland            
                  39053     Gallia               39141     Ross                
                  39055     Geauga               39143     Sandusky            
                  39057     Greene               39145     Scioto              
                  39059     Guernsey             39147     Seneca              
                  39061     Hamilton             39149     Shelby              
                  39063     Hancock              39151     Stark               
                  39065     Hardin               39153     Summit              
                  39067     Harrison             39155     Trumbull            
                  39069     Henry                39157     Tuscarawas          
                  39071     Highland             39159     Union               
                  39073     Hocking              39161     Van Wert            
                  39075     Holmes               39163     Vinton              
                  39077     Huron                39165     Warren              
                  39079     Jackson              39167     Washington          
                  39081     Jefferson            39169     Wayne               
                  39083     Knox                 39171     Williams            
                  39085     Lake                 39173     Wood                
                  39087     Lawrence             39175     Wyandot             
            106                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                        OKLAHOMA (40)                          
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  40001     Adair                40079     Le Flore            
                  40003     Alfalfa              40081     Lincoln             
                  40005     Atoka                40083     Logan               
                  40007     Beaver               40085     Love                
                  40009     Beckham              40087     McLain              
                  40011     Blaine               40089     McCurtain           
                  40013     Bryan                40091     McIntosh            
                  40015     Caddo                40093     Major               
                  40017     Canadian             40095     Marshall            
                  40019     Carter               40097     Mayes               
                  40021     Cherokee             40099     Murray              
                  40023     Choctaw              40101     Muskogee            
                  40025     Cimarron             40103     Noble               
                  40027     Cleveland            40105     Nowata              
                  40029     Coal                 40107     Okfuskee            
                  40031     Comanche             40109     Oklahoma            
                  40033     Cotton               40111     Okmulgee            
                  40035     Craig                40113     Osage               
                  40037     Creek                40115     Ottawa              
                  40039     Custer               40117     Pawnee              
                  40041     Delaware             40119     Payne               
                  40043     Dewey                40121     Pittsburg           
                  40045     Ellis                40123     Pontotoc            
                  40047     Garfield             40125     Pottawatomie        
                  40049     Garvin               40127     Pushmataha          
                  40051     Grady                40129     Roger Mills         
                  40053     Grant                40131     Rogers              
                  40055     Greer                40133     Seminole            
                  40057     Harmon               40135     Sequoyah            
                  40059     Harper               40137     Stephens            
                  40061     Haskell              40139     Texas               
                  40063     Hughes               40141     Tillman             
                  40065     Jackson              40143     Tulsa               
                  40067     Jefferson            40145     Wagoner             
                  40069     Johnston             40147     Washington          
                  40071     Kay                  40149     Washita             
                  40073     Kingfisher           40151     Woods               
                  40075     Kiowa                40153     Woodward            
                  40077     Latimer                                            
                                                                        107   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                         OREGON (41)                           
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  41001     Baker                41039     Lane                
                  41003     Benton               41041     Lincoln             
                  41005     Clackamas            41043     Linn                
                  41007     Clatsop              41045     Malheur             
                  41009     Columbia             41047     Marion              
                  41011     Coos                 41049     Morrow              
                  41013     Crook                41051     Multnomah           
                  41015     Curry                41053     Polk                
                  41017     Deschutes            41055     Sherman             
                  41019     Douglas              41057     Tillamook           
                  41021     Gilliam              41059     Umatilla            
                  41023     Grant                41061     Union               
                  41025     Harney               41063     Wallowa             
                  41027     Hood River           41065     Wasco               
                  41029     Jackson              41067     Washington          
                  41031     Jefferson            41069     Wheeler             
                  41033     Josephine            41071     Yamhill             
                  41035     Klamath                                            
                  41037     Lake                                               
            108                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      PENNSYLVANIA (42)                        
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  42001     Adams                42069     Lackawanna          
                  42003     Allegheny            42071     Lancaster           
                  42005     Armstrong            42073     Lawrence            
                  42007     Beaver               42075     Lebanon             
                  42009     Bedford              42077     Lehigh              
                  42011     Berks                42079     Luzerne             
                  42013     Blair                42081     Lycoming            
                  42015     Bradford             42083     McKean              
                  42017     Bucks                42085     Mercer              
                  42019     Butler               42087     Mifflin             
                  42021     Cambria              42089     Monroe              
                  42023     Cameron              42091     Montgomery          
                  42025     Carbon               42093     Montour             
                  42027     Centre               42095     Northampton         
                  42029     Chester              42097     Northumberland      
                  42031     Clarion              42099     Perry               
                  42033     Clearfield           42101     Philadelphia        
                  42035     Clinton              42103     Pike                
                  42037     Columbia             42105     Potter              
                  42039     Crawford             42107     Schuylkill          
                  42041     Cumberland           42109     Snyder              
                  42043     Dauphin              42111     Somerset            
                  42045     Delaware             42113     Sullivan            
                  42047     Elk                  42115     Susquehanna         
                  42049     Erie                 42117     Tioga               
                  42051     Fayette              42119     Union               
                  42053     Forest               42121     Venango             
                  42055     Franklin             42123     Warren              
                  42057     Fulton               42125     Washington          
                  42059     Greene               42127     Wayne               
                  42061     Huntingdon           42129     Westmoreland        
                  42063     Indiana              42131     Wyoming             
                  42065     Jefferson            42133     York                
                  42067     Juniata                                            
                                                                        109   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      PUERTO RICO (72)                         
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  72001     Adjuntas             72077     Juncos              
                  72003     Aguada               72079     Lajas               
                  72005     Aguadilla            72081     Lares               
                  72007     Aguas Buenas         72083     Las Marias          
                  72009     Aibonito             72085     Las Pierdras        
                  72011     Anasco               72087     Loiza               
                  72013     Arecibo              72089     Luquillo            
                  72015     Arroyo               72091     Manati              
                  72017     Barceloneta          72093     Maricao             
                  72019     Barranquitas         72095     Maunabo             
                  72021     Bayamon              72097     Mayaguez            
                  72023     Cabo Rojo            72099     Moco                
                  72025     Caguas               72101     Morovis             
                  72027     Camuy                72103     Naguabo             
                  72029     Canovanas            72105     Naranjito           
                  72031     Carolina             72107     Orocovis            
                  72033     Catano               72109     Patillas            
                  72035     Cayey                72111     Penuelas            
                  72037     Ceiba                72113     Ponce               
                  72039     Ciales               72115     Quebradillas        
                  72041     Cidra                72117     Rincon              
                  72043     Coamo                72119     Rio Grande          
                  72045     Comerio              72121     Sabana Grande       
                  72047     Corozal              72123     Salinas             
                  72049     Culebra              72125     San German          
                  72051     Dorado               72127     San Juan            
                  72053     Fajardo              72129     San Lorenzo         
                  72054     Florida              72131     San Sebastian       
                  72055     Guanica              72133     Santa Isabel        
                  72057     Guayama              72135     Toa Alta            
                  72059     Guayanilla           72137     Toa Baji            
                  72061     Guaynabo             72139     Trujillo Alto       
                  72063     Gurabo               72141     Utuado              
                  72065     Hatillo              72143     Vega Alta           
                  72067     Hormigueros          72145     Vega Baja           
                  72069     Humacao              72147     Vieques             
                  72071     Isabela              72149     Villalba            
                  72073     Jayuya               72151     Yabucoa             
                  72075     Juana Diaz           72153     Yauco               
            110                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      RHODE ISLAND (44)                        
                                                                               
                  County    County                                             
                  Code      Name                                               
                  ------    ------                                             
                  44001     Bristol                                            
                  44003     Kent                                               
                  44005     Newport                                            
                  44007     Providence                                         
                  44009     Washington                                         
                                                                               
                                     SOUTH CAROLINA (45)                       
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  45001     Abbeville            45049     Hampton             
                  45003     Aiken                45051     Horry               
                  45005     Allendale            45053     Jasper              
                  45007     Anderson             45055     Kershaw             
                  45009     Bamberg              45057     Lancaster           
                  45011     Barnwell             45059     Laurens             
                  45013     Beaufort             45061     Lee                 
                  45015     Berkeley             45063     Lexington           
                  45017     Calhoun              45065     McCormick           
                  45019     Charleston           45067     Marion              
                  45021     Cherokee             45069     Marlboro            
                  45023     Chester              45071     Newberry            
                  45025     Chesterfield         45073     Oconee              
                  45027     Clarendon            45075     Orangeburg          
                  45029     Colleton             45077     Pickens             
                  45031     Darlington           45079     Richland            
                  45033     Dillon               45081     Saluda              
                  45035     Dorchester           45083     Spartanburg         
                  45037     Edgefield            45085     Sumter              
                  45039     Fairfield            45087     Union               
                  45041     Florence             45089     Williamsburg        
                  45043     Georgetown           45091     York                
                  45045     Greenville                                         
                  45047     Greenwood                                          
                                                                        111   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      SOUTH DAKOTA (46)                        
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  46003     Aurora               46071     Jackson             
                  46005     Beadle               46073     Jerauld             
                  46007     Bennett              46075     Jones               
                  46009     Bon Homme            46077     Kingsbury           
                  46011     Brookings            46079     Lake                
                  46013     Brown                46081     Lawrence            
                  46015     Brule                46083     Lincoln             
                  46017     Buffalo              46085     Lyman               
                  46019     Butte                46087     McCook              
                  46021     Campbell             46089     McPherson           
                  46023     Charles Mix          46091     Marshall            
                  46025     Clark                46093     Meade               
                  46027     Clay                 46095     Mellette            
                  46029     Codington            46097     Miner               
                  46031     Corson               46099     Minnehaha           
                  46033     Custer               46101     Moody               
                  46035     Davison              46103     Pennington          
                  46037     Day                  46105     Perkins             
                  46039     Deuel                46107     Potter              
                  46041     Dewey                46109     Roberts             
                  46043     Douglas              46111     Sanborn             
                  46045     Edmunds              46113     Shannon             
                  46047     Fall River           46115     Spink               
                  46049     Faulk                46117     Stanley             
                  46051     Grant                46119     Sully               
                  46053     Gregory              46121     Todd                
                  46055     Haakon               46123     Tripp               
                  46057     Hamlin               46125     Turner              
                  46059     Hand                 46127     Union               
                  46061     Hanson               46129     Walworth            
                  46063     Harding              46135     Yankton             
                  46065     Hughes               46137     Zieback             
                  46067     Hutchinson                                         
                  46069     Hyde                                               
            112                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                       TENNESSEE (47)                          
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  47001     Anderson             47079     Henry               
                  47003     Bedford              47081     Hickman             
                  47005     Benton               47083     Houston             
                  47007     Bledsoe              47085     Humphreys           
                  47009     Blount               47087     Jackson             
                  47011     Bradley              47089     Jefferson           
                  47013     Campbell             47091     Johnson             
                  47015     Cannon               47093     Knox                
                  47017     Carroll              47095     Lake                
                  47019     Carter               47097     Lauderdale          
                  47021     Cheatham             47099     Lawrence            
                  47023     Chester              47101     Lewis               
                  47025     Claiborne            47103     Lincoln             
                  47027     Clay                 47105     Loudon              
                  47029     Cocke                47107     McMinn              
                  47031     Coffee               47109     McNairy             
                  47033     Crockett             47111     Macon               
                  47035     Cumberland           47113     Madison             
                  47037     Davidson             47115     Marion              
                  47039     Decatur              47117     Marshall            
                  47041     De Kalb              47119     Maury               
                  47043     Dickson              47121     Meigs               
                  47045     Dyer                 47123     Monroe              
                  47047     Fayette              47125     Montgomery          
                  47049     Fentress             47127     Moore               
                  47051     Franklin             47129     Morgan              
                  47053     Gibson               47131     Obion               
                  47055     Giles                47133     Overton             
                  47057     Grainger             47135     Perry               
                  47059     Greene               47137     Pickett             
                  47061     Grundy               47139     Polk                
                  47063     Hamblen              47141     Putnam              
                  47065     Hamilton             47143     Rhea                
                  47067     Hancock              47145     Roane               
                  47069     Hardeman             47147     Robertson           
                  47071     Hardin               47149     Rutherford          
                  47073     Hawkins              47151     Scott               
                  47075     Haywood              47153     Sequatchie          
                  47077     Henderson            47155     Sevier              
                                                                        113   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                    TENNESSEE (continued)                      
                                                                               
                  County    County                                             
                  Code      Name                                               
                  ------    ------                                             
                  47157     Shelby                                             
                  47159     Smith                                              
                  47161     Stewart                                            
                  47163     Sullivan                                           
                  47165     Sumner                                             
                  47167     Tipton                                             
                  47169     Trousdale                                          
                  47171     Unicoi                                             
                  47173     Union                                              
                  47175     Van Buren                                          
                  47177     Warren                                             
                  47179     Washington                                         
                  47181     Wayne                                              
                  47183     Weakley                                            
                  47185     White                                              
                  47187     Williamson                                         
                  47189     Wilson                                             
            114                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                         TEXAS (48)                            
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  48001     Anderson             48093     Comanche            
                  48003     Andrews              48095     Concho              
                  48005     Angelina             48097     Cooke               
                  48007     Aransas              48099     Coryell             
                  48009     Archer               48101     Cottle              
                  48011     Armstrong            48103     Crane               
                  48013     Atascosa             48105     Crockett            
                  48015     Austin               48107     Crosby              
                  48017     Bailey               48109     Culberson           
                  48019     Bandera              48111     Dallam              
                  48021     Bastrop              48113     Dallas              
                  48023     Baylor               48115     Dawson              
                  48025     Bee                  48117     Deaf Smith          
                  48027     Bell                 48119     Delta               
                  48029     Bexar                48121     Denton              
                  48031     Blanco               48123     De Witt             
                  48033     Borden               48125     Dickens             
                  48035     Bosque               48127     Dimmit              
                  48037     Bowie                48129     Donley              
                  48039     Brazoria             48131     Duval               
                  48041     Brazos               48133     Eastland            
                  48043     Brewster             48135     Ector               
                  48045     Briscoe              48137     Edwards             
                  48047     Brooks               48139     Ellis               
                  48049     Brown                48141     El Paso             
                  48051     Burleson             48143     Erath               
                  48053     Burnet               48145     Falls               
                  48055     Caldwell             48147     Fannin              
                  48057     Calhoun              48149     Fayette             
                  48059     Callahan             48151     Fisher              
                  48061     Cameron              48153     Floyd               
                  48063     Camp                 48155     Foard               
                  48065     Carson               48157     Fort Bend           
                  48067     Cass                 48159     Franklin            
                  48069     Castro               48161     Freestone           
                  48071     Chambers             48163     Frio                
                  48073     Cherokee             48165     Gaines              
                  48075     Childress            48167     Galveston           
                  48077     Clay                 48169     Garza               
                  48079     Cochran              48171     Gillespie           
                  48081     Coke                 48173     Glasscock           
                  48083     Coleman              48175     Goliad              
                  48085     Collin               48177     Gonzales            
                  48087     Collingsworth        48179     Gray                
                  48089     Colorado             48181     Grayson             
                  48091     Comal                48183     Gregg               
                                                                        115   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      TEXAS (continued)                        
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  48185     Grimes               48277     Lamar               
                  48187     Guadalupe            48279     Lamb                
                  48189     Hale                 48281     Lampasas            
                  48191     Hall                 48283     La Salle            
                  48193     Hamilton             48285     Lavaca              
                  48195     Hansford             48287     Lee                 
                  48197     Hardeman             48289     Leon                
                  48199     Hardin               48291     Liberty             
                  48201     Harris               48293     Limestone           
                  48203     Harrison             48295     Lipscomb            
                  48205     Hartley              48297     Live Oak            
                  48207     Haskell              48299     Llano               
                  48209     Hays                 48301     Loving              
                  48211     Hemphill             48303     Lubbock             
                  48213     Henderson            48305     Lynn                
                  48215     Hidalgo              48307     McCulloch           
                  48217     Hill                 48309     McLennan            
                  48219     Hockley              48311     McMullen            
                  48221     Hood                 48313     Madison             
                  48223     Hopkins              48315     Marion              
                  48225     Houston              48317     Martin              
                  48227     Howard               48319     Mason               
                  48229     Hudspeth             48321     Matagorda           
                  48231     Hunt                 48323     Maverick            
                  48233     Hutchinson           48325     Medina              
                  48235     Irion                48327     Menard              
                  48237     Jack                 48329     Midland             
                  48239     Jackson              48331     Milam               
                  48241     Jasper               48333     Mills               
                  48243     Jeff Davis           48335     Mitchell            
                  48245     Jefferson            48337     Montague            
                  48247     Jim Hogg             48339     Montgomery          
                  48249     Jim Wells            48341     Moore               
                  48251     Johnson              48343     Morris              
                  48253     Jones                48345     Motley              
                  48255     Karnes               48347     Nacogdoches         
                  48257     Kaufman              48349     Navarro             
                  48259     Kendall              48351     Newton              
                  48261     Kenedy               48353     Nolan               
                  48263     Kent                 48355     Nueces              
                  48265     Kerr                 48357     Ochiltree           
                  48267     Kimble               48359     Oldham              
                  48269     King                 48361     Orange              
                  48271     Kinney               48363     Palo Pinto          
                  48273     Kleberg              48365     Panola              
                  48275     Knox                 48367     Parker              
            116                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      TEXAS (continued)                        
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  48369     Parmer               48439     Tarrant             
                  48371     Pecos                48441     Taylor              
                  48373     Polk                 48443     Terrell             
                  48375     Potter               48445     Terry               
                  48377     Presidio             48447     Throckmorton        
                  48379     Rains                48449     Titus               
                  48381     Randall              48451     Tom Green           
                  48383     Reagan               48453     Travis              
                  48385     Real                 48455     Trinity             
                  48387     Red River            48457     Tyler               
                  48389     Reeves               48459     Upshur              
                  48391     Refugio              48461     Upton               
                  48393     Roberts              48463     Uvalde              
                  48395     Robertson            48465     Val Verde           
                  48397     Rockwall             48467     Van Zandt           
                  48399     Runnels              48469     Victoria            
                  48401     Rusk                 48471     Walker              
                  48403     Sabine               48473     Waller              
                  48405     San Augustine        48475     Ward                
                  48407     San Jacinto          48477     Washington          
                  48409     San Patricio         48479     Webb                
                  48411     San Saba             48481     Wharton             
                  48413     Schleicher           48483     Wheeler             
                  48415     Scurry               48485     Wichita             
                  48417     Shackelford          48487     Wilbarger           
                  48419     Shelby               48489     Willacy             
                  48421     Sherman              48491     Williamson          
                  48423     Smith                48493     Wilson              
                  48425     Somervell            48495     Winkler             
                  48427     Starr                48497     Wise                
                  48429     Stephens             48499     Wood                
                  48431     Sterling             48501     Yoakum              
                  48433     Stonewall            48503     Young               
                  48435     Sutton               48505     Zapata              
                  48437     Swisher              48507     Zavala              
                                                                        117   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                          UTAH (49)                            
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  49001     Beaver               49031     Piute               
                  49003     Box Elder            49033     Rich                
                  49005     Cache                49035     Salt Lake           
                  49007     Carbon               49037     San Juan            
                  49009     Daggett              49039     Sanpete             
                  49011     Davis                49041     Sevier              
                  49013     Duchesne             49043     Summit              
                  49015     Emery                49045     Tooele              
                  49017     Garfield             49047     Uintah              
                  49019     Grand                49049     Utah                
                  49021     Iron                 49051     Wasatch             
                  49023     Juab                 49053     Washington          
                  49025     Kane                 49055     Wayne               
                  49027     Millard              49057     Weber               
                  49029     Morgan                                             
                                                                               
                                        VERMONT (50)                           
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  50001     Addison              50015     Lamoille            
                  50003     Bennington           50017     Orange              
                  50005     Caledonia            50019     Orleans             
                  50007     Chittenden           50021     Rutland             
                  50009     Essex                50023     Washington          
                  50011     Franklin             50025     Windham             
                  50013     Grand Isle           50027     Windsor             
                                                                               
                                     VIRGIN ISLANDS (78)                       
                                                                               
                  County    County                                             
                  Code      Name                                               
                  ------    ------                                             
                  78010     Virgin Islands                                     
            118                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                        VIRGINIA (51)                          
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  51001     Accomack             51081     Greensville         
                  51003     Albemarle            51083     Halifax             
                  51005     Alleghany            51085     Hanover             
                  51007     Amelia               51087     Henrico             
                  51009     Amherst              51089     Henry               
                  51011     Appomattox           51091     Highland            
                  51013     Arlington            51093     Isle of Wight       
                  51015     Augusta              51095     James City          
                  51017     Bath                 51097     King and Queen      
                  51019     Bedford              51099     King George         
                  51021     Bland                51101     King William        
                  51023     Botetourt            51103     Lancaster           
                  51025     Brunsick             51105     Lee                 
                  51027     Buchanan             51107     Loudoun             
                  51029     Buckingham           51109     Louisa              
                  51031     Campbell             51111     Lunenburg           
                  51033     Caroline             51113     Madison             
                  51035     Carroll              51115     Mathews             
                  51036     Charles City         51117     Mecklenburg         
                  51037     Charlotte            51119     Middlesex           
                  51041     Chesterfield         51121     Montgomery          
                  51043     Clarke               51125     Nelson              
                  51045     Craig                51127     New Kent            
                  51047     Culpeper             51131     Northampton         
                  51049     Cumberland           51133     Northumberland      
                  51051     Dickenson            51135     Nottoway            
                  51053     Dinwiddie            51137     Orange              
                  51057     Essex                51139     Page                
                  51059     Fairfax              51141     Patrick             
                  51061     Fauquier             51143     Pittsylvania        
                  51063     Floyd                51145     Powhatan            
                  51065     Fluvanna             51147     Prince Edward       
                  51067     Franklin             51149     Prince George       
                  51069     Frederick            51153     Prince William      
                  51071     Giles                51155     Pulaski             
                  51073     Gloucester           51157     Rappahannock        
                  51075     Goochland            51159     Richmond            
                  51077     Grayson              51161     Roanoke             
                  51079     Greene               51163     Rockbridge          
                                                                        119   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                    VIRGINIA (continued)                       
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  51165     Rockingham           51183     Sussex              
                  51167     Russell              51185     Tazewell            
                  51169     Scott                51187     Warren              
                  51171     Shenandoah           51191     Washington          
                  51173     Smyth                51193     Westmoreland        
                  51175     Southampton          51195     Wise                
                  51177     Spotsylvania         51197     Wythe               
                  51179     Stafford             51199     York                
                  51181     Surry                                              
                                                                               
                                    INDEPENDENT CITIES OF                      
                                          VIRGINIA                             
                                                                               
                  County    City                 County    City                
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  51510     Alexandria           51685     Manassas Park       
                  51515     Bedford              51690     Martinsville        
                  51520     Bristol              51700     Newport News        
                  51530     Buena Vista          51710     Norfolk             
                  51540     Charlottesville      51720     Norton              
                  51550     Chesapeake           51730     Petersburg          
                  51560     Clifton Forge        51735     Poquoson            
                  51570     Colonial Heights     51740     Portsmouth          
                  51580     Covington            51750     Radford             
                  51590     Danville             51760     Richmond            
                  51595     Emporia              51770     Roanoke             
                  51600     Fairfax              51775     Salem               
                  51610     Falls Church         51780     South Boston        
                  51620     Franklin             51790     Staunton            
                  51630     Fredericksburg       51800     Suffolk             
                  51640     Galax                51810     Virginia Beach      
                  51650     Hampton              51820     Waynesboro          
                  51660     Harrisonburg         51830     Williamsburg        
                  51670     Hopewell             51840     Winchester          
                  51678     Lexington                                          
                  51680     Lynchburg                                          
                  51683     Manassas                                           
            120                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                       WASHINGTON (53)                         
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  53001     Adams                53041     Lewis               
                  53003     Asotin               53043     Lincoln             
                  53005     Benton               53045     Mason               
                  53007     Chelan               53047     Okanogan            
                  53009     Clallam              53049     Pacific             
                  53011     Clark                53051     Pend Oreille        
                  53013     Columbia             53053     Pierce              
                  53015     Cowlitz              53055     San Juan            
                  53017     Douglas              53057     Skagit              
                  53019     Ferry                53059     Skamania            
                  53021     Franklin             53061     Snohomish           
                  53023     Garfield             53063     Spokane             
                  53025     Grant                53065     Stevens             
                  53027     Grays Harbor         53067     Thurston            
                  53029     Island               53069     Wahkiakum           
                  53031     Jefferson            53071     Walla Walla         
                  53033     King                 53073     Whatcom             
                  53035     Kitsap               53075     Whitman             
                  53037     Kittitas             53077     Yakima              
                  53039     Klickitat                                          
                                                                        121   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                     WEST VIRGINIA (54)                        
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  54001     Barbour              54059     Mingo               
                  54003     Berkeley             54061     Monongalia          
                  54005     Boone                54063     Monroe              
                  54007     Braxton              54065     Morgan              
                  54009     Brooke               54067     Nicholas            
                  54011     Cabell               54069     Ohio                
                  54013     Calhoun              54071     Pendleton           
                  54015     Clay                 54073     Pleasants           
                  54017     Doddridge            54075     Pocahontas          
                  54019     Fayette              54077     Preston             
                  54021     Gilmer               54079     Putnam              
                  54023     Grant                54081     Raleigh             
                  54025     Greenbrier           54083     Randolph            
                  54027     Hampshire            54085     Ritchie             
                  54029     Hancock              54087     Roane               
                  54031     Hardy                54089     Summers             
                  54033     Harrison             54091     Taylor              
                  54035     Jackson              54093     Tucker              
                  54037     Jefferson            54095     Tyler               
                  54039     Kanawha              54097     Upshur              
                  54041     Lewis                54099     Wayne               
                  54043     Lincoln              54101     Webster             
                  54045     Logan                54103     Wetzel              
                  54047     McDowell             54105     Wirt                
                  54049     Marion               54107     Wood                
                  54051     Marshall             54109     Wyoming             
                  54053     Mason                                              
                  54055     Mercer                                             
                  54057     Mineral                                            
            122                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                       WISCONSIN (55)                          
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  55001     Adams                55085     Oneida              
                  55003     Ashland              55087     Outagamie           
                  55005     Barron               55089     Ozaukee             
                  55007     Bayfield             55091     Pepin               
                  55009     Brown                55093     Pierce              
                  55011     Buffalo              55095     Polk                
                  55013     Burnett              55097     Portage             
                  55015     Calumet              55099     Price               
                  55017     Chippewa             55101     Racine              
                  55019     Clark                55103     Richland            
                  55021     Columbia             55105     Rock                
                  55023     Crawford             55107     Rusk                
                  55025     Dane                 55109     St. Croix           
                  55027     Dodge                55111     Sauk                
                  55029     Door                 55113     Sawyer              
                  55031     Douglas              55115     Shawano             
                  55033     Dunn                 55117     Sheboygan           
                  55035     Eau Claire           55119     Taylor              
                  55037     Florence             55121     Trempealeau         
                  55039     Fond du Lac          55123     Vernon              
                  55041     Forest               55125     Vilas               
                  55043     Grant                55127     Walworth            
                  55045     Green                55129     Washburn            
                  55047     Green Lake           55131     Washington          
                  55049     Iowa                 55133     Waukesha            
                  55051     Iron                 55135     Waupaca             
                  55053     Jackson              55137     Waushara            
                  55055     Jefferson            55139     Winnebago           
                  55057     Juneau               55141     Wood                
                  55059     Kenosha                                            
                  55061     Kewaunee                                           
                  55063     La Crosse                                          
                  55065     Lafayette                                          
                  55067     Langlade                                           
                  55069     Lincoln                                            
                  55071     Manitowac                                          
                  55073     Marathon                                           
                  55075     Marinette                                          
                  55077     Marquette                                          
                  55078     Menominee                                          
                  55079     Milwaukee                                          
                  55081     Monroe                                             
                  55083     Oconto                                             
                                                                        123   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                        WYOMING (56)                           
                                                                               
                  County    County               County    County              
                  Code      Name                 Code      Name                
                  ------    ------               ------    ------              
                  56001     Albany               56023     Lincoln             
                  56003     Big Horn             56025     Natrona             
                  56005     Campbell             56027     Niobrara            
                  56007     Carbon               56029     Park                
                  56009     Converse             56031     Platte              
                  56011     Crook                56033     Sheridan            
                  56013     Fremont              56035     Sublette            
                  56015     Goshen               56037     Sweetwater          
                  56017     Hot Springs          56039     Teton               
                  56019     Johnson              56041     Uinta               
                  56021     Laramie              56043     Washakie            
                                                 56045     Weston              
                                                                               
                                         OTHER CODES                           
                                                                               
                  County    County                                             
                  Name      Name                                               
                  ------    ------                                             
                  88888     Within U.S., but outside home State                
                  99999     Outside of the U.S.                                
            124                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE   2 ***                         
                                    Q.12s: Other - Specify                     
                                                                               
                                                                               
                 V4:ICPSR SEQ                                                  
                 ID NUMBER                       ENTRY                         
                                                                               
                     8              Zoning & health violations                 
                                                                               
                   147              County ordinances, alcohol & drug          
                                    commitment                                 
                                                                               
                    43              Various                                    
                                                                               
                    16              All local city & county ordinances         
                                                                               
                    24              County ordinance violations,               
                                    violation of State statutes                
                                                                               
                   294              Bond validation                            
                                                                               
                   203              City & county ordinance violations         
                                                                               
                   275              County ordinances with criminal            
                                    penalties                                  
                                                                               
                   222              Bond validation                            
                                                                               
                   154              Municipal and county ordinances            
                                                                               
                   115              Health ordinances, building and            
                                    zoning violations                          
                                                                               
                   158              Have deferred prosecution                  
                                    program authorized by statute              
                                                                               
                    67              All county ordinances                      
                                                                               
                    12              County resolutions; fish & game            
                                    violations, alcohol violations             
                                                                               
                    18              County resolutions                         
                                                                               
                   152               Name of county or county equivalent       
                                    that appeared here was suppressed          
                                    ordinances                                 
                                                                               
                   230              Housing violations                         
                                                                               
                                                                        125   
                                                                               
                   217              Civil law representation for               
                                     Name of county or county equivalent       
                                    that appeared here was suppressed          
                                    officials                                  
                                                                               
                   261              Misdemeanor criminal actions,              
                                    civil contracts of county bond             
                                    issues, supply service &                   
                                    property plus purchases by                 
                                    county                                     
                                                                               
                    77              Domestic violence - city ordinance         
                                                                               
                    22              Fish & Game                                
                                                                               
                   285              Municipal appeals, Open                    
                                    Public Meeting Act                         
                                                                               
                   265              All county elected officials               
                                    and appointed boards                       
                                                                               
                   225              All civil matters involving the            
                                    county                                     
                                                                               
                   100              State statute misdemeanors                 
                                    outside city limits                        
                                                                               
                   113              All municipal ordinances                   
                                                                               
                   259              Public records law, ballot                 
                                    titles                                     
                                                                               
                   129              Representation of Department of            
                                    Social Services in child/abuse             
                                    neglect proceedings                        
                                                                               
                   179              Probation revocations                      
                                                                               
                   105              Probation revocations                      
                                                                               
                   102              Zoning violations                          
                                                                               
                   177              County & town ordinances                   
                                                                               
                    62              Civil adjudications of habitual            
                                    offender drivers                           
                                                                               
                    23              Building code violations, wage             
                                    claims, hunting violations                 
                                                                               
                   228              Legal advisor to all county                
                                    agencies & officers                        
            126                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE   3 ***                         
                                  Q.14(a)4: Other - Specify                    
                                                                               
                                                                               
                 V4:ICPSR SEQ                                                  
                 ID NUMBER                       ENTRY                         
                                                                               
                    34              Private attorneys if public                
                                    defender unable to handle case             
                                                                               
                   115              Conflict of interest counsel               
                                                                               
                   126              Appellate defender                         
                                                                               
                    41              Court - appointed "conflict"               
                                    counsel (conflict with public defender)    
                                                                               
                   201              Four defender agencies on                  
                                    contract with county appeals               
                                    done by defender agency and                
                                    assigned counsel too                       
                                                                        127   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE   4 ***                         
                                Q.15, code 4: Other - Specify                  
                                                                               
                                                                               
                 V4:ICPSR SEQ                                                  
                 ID NUMBER                       ENTRY                         
                                                                               
                   255              Adult court services                       
                                                                               
                   121              Both court and over 2 yrs state            
                                    probation agency                           
                                                                               
                    32              Court, Dept. of Corrections or             
                                    probation agency                           
                                                                               
                    37              Community corrections                      
            128                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE   5 ***                         
                                  Q.16a3(6): Other - Specify                   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                 V4:ICPSR SEQ                                                  
                 ID NUMBER                       ENTRY                         
                                                                               
                   276              Trial                                      
                                                                               
                    16              Trial                                      
                                                                               
                   215              Habitual criminal proceedings              
                                                                               
                   294              Habitual offender enhancement              
                                                                               
                   203              Habitual offender notices                  
                                                                               
                   300              Trial                                      
                                                                               
                   222              Habitual offender enhancement              
                                                                               
                   153              2nd phase & bi-forgated trial              
                                                                               
                   280              When presenting charges before             
                                    the grand jury                             
                                                                               
                   168              At trial                                   
                                                                               
                   230              Violation of probation                     
                                                                               
                   125              Trial                                      
                                                                               
                    13              Grand jury indictments on                  
                                    habitual offenders                         
                                                                               
                   180              Grand jury                                 
                                                                               
                   227              Grand jury                                 
                                                                               
                   283              Before indictment or in filing             
                                    indictment                                 
                                                                               
                   261              Sometimes to determine if we               
                                    should negotiate by filing                 
                                    charges (i.e., will defendant              
                                    cooperate)                                 
                                                                               
                   187              Trial                                      
                                                                               
                                                                        129   
                                                                               
                   141              Pre-trial intervention                     
                                    determination                              
                                                                               
                    79              Case prep                                  
                                                                               
                   216              Trial (cross examination)                  
                                                                               
                   285              Case screening                             
                                                                               
                    17              Plea agreements                            
                                                                               
                   165              Trial-cross examination                    
                                                                               
                   278              Trial                                      
                                                                               
                   282              Trial 404 (B) Acts                         
                                                                               
                    56              Major violators unit                       
                                                                               
                    11              Indictment                                 
                                                                               
                   179              At all times                               
                                                                               
                   105              At all times                               
                                                                               
                   156              During trial if the defendant              
                                    testifies                                  
                                                                               
                    62              Case evaluation                            
                                                                               
                    23              Habitual criminality provisions            
            130                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE   6 ***                         
                                   Q.16b5: Other - Specify                     
                                                                               
                                                                               
                 V4:ICPSR SEQ                                                  
                 ID NUMBER                       ENTRY                         
                                                                               
                    25              Parole and early release from              
                                    penitentiary                               
                                                                               
                    16              Records from other states not              
                                    always easy to obtain                      
                                                                               
                   224              Hard to read                               
                                                                               
                    67              Many are simply difficult to               
                                    read                                       
                                                                               
                   126              Too many abbreviations                     
                                                                               
                    26              Expunged convictions are not               
                                    given to us when they are                  
                                    needed                                     
                                                                               
                   230              Access cost and distribution               
                                    prohibitions                               
                                                                               
                   175              Interpret jargon on the history            
                                                                               
                   283              We do not have the time or the             
                                    manpower to find all previous              
                                    convictions to indict habitual             
                                    offenders                                  
                                                                               
                   261              Inconsistency                              
                                                                               
                    79              Lack of dispositional data                 
                                                                               
                   170              Defendants use other names than            
                                    those in which they were convicted         
                                                                               
                   118              Lack of dispositions                       
                                                                               
                    56              FBI records not always                     
                                    available or available timely              
                                                                               
                   233              Incomplete                                 
                                                                        131   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE   7 ***                         
                                    Q.18c: Other - Specify                     
                                                                               
                                                                               
                 V4:ICPSR SEQ                                                  
                 ID NUMBER                       ENTRY                         
                                                                               
                     8              Grand jury indictment following arrests    
                                                                               
                   275              Non-arrest cases prior to                  
                                    arrest of defendant                        
                                                                               
                   280              Handled in lower court by                  
                                    county attorney                            
                                                                               
                   238              Police arrest, then review by              
                                    P.A.                                       
                                                                               
                    13              Justice court disposition or               
                                    Grand jury                                 
                                                                               
                   261              Prosecutor reviews case before             
                                    arrests are made                           
                                                                               
                   118              Determine charge before arrest             
                                                                               
                   256              Municipal bind over                        
                                                                               
                   191              Sexual crimes and murder                   
                                                                               
                    86              Traffic offenses - DUI-etc.                
                                                                               
                   181              Driving offenses - DUI, DWS                
                                                                               
                   282              Warrant requests                           
                                    (Invest-forward for complaint              
                                    and arrest)                                
                                                                               
                    10              Outside review                             
                                                                               
                    56              Outside review                             
                                                                               
                   260              At time of filing                          
                                                                               
                   139              No review until warrant                    
                                    obtained                                   
            132                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE   8 ***                         
                                Q.19, code 4: Other - Specify                  
                                                                               
                                                                               
                 V4:ICPSR SEQ                                                  
                 ID NUMBER                       ENTRY                         
                                                                               
                    25              Grand jury                                 
                                                                               
                   115              On call prosecutor by phone &              
                                    prosecutors office                         
                                                                               
                    52              Grand jury                                 
                                                                               
                    13              Grand jury                                 
                                                                               
                   138              By phone - "on call" system                
                                                                               
                   193              Preliminary hearing stage                  
                                                                               
                    32              Courthouse at designated room              
                                                                               
                    37              Grand jury                                 
                                                                               
                   252              Grand jury                                 
                                                                               
                   179              Grand jury                                 
                                                                               
                   105              Grand jury                                 
                                                                               
                   258              Magistrate                                 
                                                                        133   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE   9 ***                         
                               Q.20b, code 1: Yes - Specify who                
                                                                               
                                                                               
                 V4:ICPSR SEQ                                                  
                 ID NUMBER                       ENTRY                         
                                                                               
                    40              Witness to establish probable cause        
                                                                               
                    90              Victims, witnesses                         
                                                                               
                    29              Law enforcement personnel                  
                                                                               
                    25              State attorney general,                    
                                    witnesses, court reporter                  
                                                                               
                   166              Attorney general and assistant             
                                    attorney generals                          
                                                                               
                   291              Other prosecutors, witnesses               
                                                                               
                    80              Witnesses                                  
                                                                               
                    34              Attorney general                           
                                                                               
                   119              Attorney general                           
                                                                               
                   236              Attorney general                           
                                                                               
                   195              Attorney general                           
                                                                               
                   144              Attorney for witness                       
                                                                               
                   215              Witnesses, investigators                   
                                                                               
                   220              Anyone designated by DA                    
                                                                               
                   272              Police officers                            
                                                                               
                    39              Legal advisor to grand jury                
                                                                               
                   206              Court reporter                             
                                                                               
                   287              Court reporters, witnesses and             
                                    interpreters                               
                                                                               
                   140              Candidates for elective office             
                                                                               
                                                                               
            134                                                               
                    93              Candidates for elective office             
                                                                               
                   263              Outside legal counsel                      
                                                                               
                   229              Witnesses                                  
                                                                               
                    87              Victim and police                          
                                                                               
                   219              Public officials and law enforcement       
                                                                               
                   142              Police and public officials                
                                    when charged with a criminal offense       
                                                                               
                    64              Public officials charged with              
                                    crimes relating to misbehavior             
                                    in office                                  
                                                                               
                   293              Police officers                            
                                                                               
                   157              Defendants in certain cases                
                                                                               
                   176              Independent grand jury counsel             
                                                                               
                     3              Witnesses                                  
                                                                               
                   212              Witnesses                                  
                                                                               
                   185              States' attorney general                   
                                                                               
                   146              Attorney general, witness may              
                                    have attorney                              
                                                                               
                    44              Attorney general                           
                                                                               
                   242              Target, target's attorney,                 
                                    interpreters guards, witnesses,            
                                    court reporter, clerk                      
                                                                               
                    78              Victim, witness                            
                                                                               
                   158              Investigators                              
                                                                               
                   126              Witnesses                                  
                                                                               
                   153              Commonwealth attorney (handles             
                                    several counties)                          
                                                                               
                    54              Stenographer                               
                                                                               
                   186              Witnesses and defendants upon request      
                                                                               
                   249              Special prosecutor                         
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                        135   
                    21              Attorney general                           
                                                                               
                   152              Attorney general and assistant             
                                                                               
                   168              Attorney general or his assistants         
                                                                               
                   213              Witness and targets of investigations      
                                                                               
                   159              Attorney general                           
                                                                               
                   268              Attorney general                           
                                                                               
                   230              Attorney general and state prosecutor      
                                                                               
                   190              Attorney general                           
                                                                               
                    33              Attorney general                           
                                                                               
                   200              Witnesses, potential defendants            
                                                                               
                   209              Judge                                      
                                                                               
                   299              County prosecuting attorney,               
                                    attorney general of state                  
                                                                               
                   112              County attorney; attorney general          
                                                                               
                    13              County prosecutor                          
                                                                               
                   227              County attorney                            
                                                                               
                   283              Law enforcement officers, victims          
                                                                               
                   205              Witnesses                                  
                                                                               
                   161              Special prosecutor by appointment          
                                                                               
                   295              Attorney general                           
                                                                               
                   261              Witnesses                                  
                                                                               
                    22              Suspect, suspect's attorney and            
                                    anyone requested by the grand jury         
                                                                               
                   232              Attorney general                           
                                                                               
                   130              Attorney general                           
                                                                               
                   187              Witnesses                                  
                                                                               
                   141              Attorney general                           
                                                                               
                   162              Attorney general & all deputies            
                                                                               
            136                                                               
                                                                               
                   270              Investigators                              
                                                                               
                   273              Attorney general, special                  
                                                                               
                    17              Target and his/her attorney                
                                    prosecutor                                 
                                                                               
                    92              Defendant charged                          
                                                                               
                   250              The defendant                              
                                                                               
                   135              Defendant who requests and                 
                                    waives immunity                            
                                                                               
                   214              Defendant and his attorney                 
                                                                               
                   165              Defendant, if proper notice                
                                    filed and waiver of immunity signed        
                                                                               
                   111              Witnesses and their attorneys              
                                                                               
                   286              Defendants, subpoenaed witnesses           
                                                                               
                   208              Reporter, clerk, social worker,            
                                    interpreter, security                      
                                    personnel, witnesses, video                
                                    technician                                 
                                                                               
                   170              Law enforcement personnel and              
                                    witnesses                                  
                                                                               
                   118              Police officers and witnesses              
                                                                               
                   149              Witnesses (usually police)                 
                                    designated by district                     
                                    attorney; grand jury may call              
                                    witness                                    
                                                                               
                    49              Witnesses                                  
                                                                               
                   198              Witnesses                                  
                                                                               
                   237              Officers and/or citizen                    
                                    witnesses who must be listed on            
                                    the indictment                             
                                                                               
                   253              Court reporter                             
                                                                               
                   255              Witnesses                                  
                                                                               
                   138              Witnesses                                  
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                        137   
                   256              Attorney general - only in                 
                                    environmental cases                        
                                                                               
                   266              Attorney general                           
                                                                               
                   113              Court reporters, interpreters              
                                                                               
                    15              Court reporters, nurse, guard,             
                                    interpreter, support person for            
                                    child victim                               
                                                                               
                   121              The court                                  
                                                                               
                   120              Attorney general                           
                                                                               
                   110              Arresting officer or individual            
                                    affiant                                    
                                                                               
                    86              Witnesses, victims                         
                                                                               
                   181              Witnesses-victims-law officers             
                                                                               
                   167              Witnesses, police                          
                                                                               
                   155              Officers and witnesses                     
                                                                               
                   262              Police officers                            
                                                                               
                   284              Officers and witnesses                     
                                                                               
                    91              Police                                     
                                                                               
                   116              Officers and witnesses                     
                                                                               
                    36              Witnesses, police                          
                                                                               
                    73              Any witness                                
                                                                               
                   282              Counsel when defendant                     
                                    testifies, victims assist when             
                                    victim testifies                           
                                                                               
                    47              Witnesses                                  
                                                                               
                    50              Witnesses                                  
                                                                               
                    98              Citizens following certain procedures      
                                                                               
                   132              Anyone invited by the grand jury           
                                                                               
                   243              Subpoenaed witnesses                       
                                                                               
                    56              Investigator, police                       
                                                                               
            138                                                               
                                                                               
                   189              Witnesses                                  
                                                                               
                    11              Any citizen                                
                                                                               
                    75              Attorney general or county                 
                                    attorney                                   
                                                                               
                    97              Attorney general                           
                                                                               
                   274              Police                                     
                                                                               
                    27              Witnesses                                  
                                                                               
                   101              Attorney general                           
                                                                               
                    66              State attorney general                     
                                                                               
                    83              County attorney                            
                                                                               
                    57              Police officers, citizen                   
                                    complainants                               
                                                                               
                    63              Witnesses                                  
                                                                               
                   258              Police investigator                        
                                                                               
                   156              Witnesses--normally police                 
                                                                               
                    62              Witnesses                                  
                                                                               
                   177              Arresting officer                          
                                                                               
                   233              All enforcement officers and               
                                    citizens                                   
                                                                        139   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE  10 ***                         
                                    Q.21d: Other - Specify                     
                                                                               
                                                                               
                 V4:ICPSR SEQ                                                  
                 ID NUMBER                       ENTRY                         
                                                                               
                   246              Screened prior to                          
                                    issuance/later to grand jury               
                                                                               
                    96              Information following                      
                                    preliminary hearing or waiver              
                                    of hearing                                 
                                                                               
                   147              By information following                   
                                    judicial review of affidavit of            
                                    probable cause                             
                                                                               
                   182              By information filed by the                
                                    prosecuting attorney's office              
                                                                               
                    43              By information following                   
                                                                               
                    46              By information before                      
                                    preliminary hearing                        
                                                                               
                    16              Guilty pleas before preliminary            
                                    hearing                                    
                                                                               
                   106              Plea in lower court and                    
                                    certification to superior court            
                                                                               
                   144              Information or complaint before            
                                    preliminary hearing                        
                                                                               
                    51              All felony case filings are                
                                    initially made in county court             
                                    and bound over to district                 
                                    court for trial after                      
                                    preliminary hearing                        
                                                                               
                   220              Pre-preliminary hearing filings            
                                                                               
                   215              Information followed by a                  
                                    preliminary hearing                        
                                                                               
                   143              Direct filing of information               
                                                                               
                                                                               
            140                                                               
                   292              By complaint or information alone          
                                                                               
                    89              Information alone                          
                                                                               
                   269              Information without preliminary            
                                    hearing or waiver                          
                                                                               
                   206              By information after a judicial            
                                    probable cause determination               
                                                                               
                   287              By direct information                      
                                                                               
                   294              Direct filing                              
                                                                               
                   203              By information after state's               
                                    attorney investigation                     
                                                                               
                   128              By information prior to                    
                                    preliminary hearing                        
                                                                               
                   140              By information alone                       
                                                                               
                    93              By information alone                       
                                                                               
                   234              Direct information                         
                                                                               
                   275              Filing information by                      
                                    prosecutor prior to arraignment            
                                    of defendant                               
                                                                               
                   300              By information following                   
                                    probable cause determination               
                                                                               
                   222              Direct Filing                              
                                                                               
                   254              Information alone                          
                                                                               
                   204              By information without any                 
                                    prior hearing in court                     
                                                                               
                    68              By information prior to                    
                                    preliminary hearing                        
                                                                               
                   142              By agreement of defendant                  
                                                                               
                   185              Pleas, nolles, etc.                        
                                                                               
                   290              By information before                      
                                    preliminary hearing                        
                                                                               
                    44              Information followed by a                  
                                    preliminary hearing                        
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                        141   
                    38              By information and probable                
                                    cause affidavit                            
                                                                               
                   289              File off of probable cause and             
                                    on information                             
                                                                               
                   123              By reference to the prosecutor             
                                    who approves the filing of the             
                                    information after a review of              
                                    the probable cause affidavits              
                                                                               
                   183              Probable cause affidavit filed             
                                    and approved by court followed             
                                    immediately by information                 
                                                                               
                    74              By information prior to preliminary        
                                    hearing or after waiver of preliminary     
                                                                               
                   160              Complaint/information filed before         
                                    preliminary hearing                        
                                                                               
                   152              By information before preliminary          
                                    hearing or grand jury indictment           
                                                                               
                   168              Without a preliminary exam or waiver       
                                                                               
                   199              By information                             
                                                                               
                   175              By review of charging attorney             
                                                                               
                   209              Complaint filed by the prosecutor          
                                                                               
                   114              Complaint                                  
                                                                               
                   125              Complaint                                  
                                                                               
                   240              Filed direct in district court.            
                                    Deputy has no right to preliminary         
                                    hearing                                    
                                                                               
                   216              By accusation                              
                                                                               
                   296              By complaint                               
                                                                               
                   281              By information before preliminary          
                                    hearing                                    
                                                                               
                   226              By information filed, which is then        
                                    followed by a preliminary hearing          
                                                                               
                   225              By information before preliminary          
                                    hearing                                    
                                                                               
                                                                               
            142                                                               
                   181              Driving offenses                           
                                                                               
                   101              Unnegotiated informations                  
                                                                               
                   264              By information filed after screening       
                                    and before preliminary hearing             
                                                                               
                   102              By warrant of arrest                       
                                                                               
                   258              Tried on warrant after waiver              
                                    of indictment                              
                                                                               
                   156              Grand jury indictment following            
                                    preliminary hearing                        
                                                                               
                   201              By information alone                       
                                                                               
                    20              Information only                           
                                                                               
                    82              Information only                           
                                                                        143   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE  11 ***                         
                       Q.23, code 1: Yes - Please describe that policy         
                                                                               
                                                                               
                 V4:ICPSR SEQ                                                  
                 ID NUMBER                       ENTRY                         
                                                                               
                     8              By court order, must be                    
                                    accomplished by a certain time             
                                                                               
                   276              Varies by case but policy                  
                                    requires a time limit for                  
                                    acceptance of an offer                     
                                                                               
                    96              Up to ten days prior to trial              
                                    date                                       
                                                                               
                   291              7 days before trial                        
                                                                               
                   182              The court imposes some but they            
                                    are reasonably flexible                    
                                                                               
                    24              Terminates after pre-trial                 
                                    hearing                                    
                                                                               
                   215              Each deputy can set deadlines              
                                    on plea offers extended - not              
                                    uniform office wide                        
                                                                               
                    51              Plea negotiations are severely             
                                    limited after preliminary                  
                                    hearings                                   
                                                                               
                   143              Cut-off date given with plea               
                                    offer                                      
                                                                               
                   275              Generally, always prior to                 
                                    trial date, but defendant may              
                                    plea at anytime                            
                                                                               
                   300              The general policy is that                 
                                    there are no negotiations after            
                                    a defendant announces that he              
                                    is ready for trial                         
                                                                               
                   204              Before trial date only                     
                                                                               
                   263              Generally prior to pretrial                
                                                                               
            144                                                               
                                    conference                                 
                                                                               
                   224              No deals on trial week                     
                                                                               
                   157              Negotiated pleas are accepted              
                                    up to and including county plea            
                                    and motion day                             
                                                                               
                    78              Mostly no plea after court                 
                                    record date, one week to 10                
                                    days preceding trial                       
                                                                               
                   126              Normally to be completed prior             
                                    to or at pre-trial                         
                                                                               
                   183              Courts establish a plea                    
                                    negotiation date approximately             
                                    10 days prior to trial. All                
                                    plea negotiations must be                  
                                    complete by that time                      
                                                                               
                   194              Before the preliminary hearing             
                                                                               
                    70              Felony negotiations must be                
                                    complete prior to preliminary              
                                    hearing                                    
                                                                               
                   160              Must be completed four days                
                                    before trial                               
                                                                               
                    18              At trial assignment docket - 17            
                                    days before trial                          
                                                                               
                   280              30 days prior to trial                     
                                                                               
                   249              Normally prior to call of jury             
                                                                               
                   159              No negotiation once trial has              
                                    commenced - increased                      
                                    sentencing as case gets older              
                                                                               
                   268              No negotiation once trial has              
                                    commenced - increased                      
                                    sentencing as case gets older              
                                                                               
                   238              Court policy: plea                         
                                    negotiations must be completed             
                                    before close of final                      
                                    conference                                 
                                                                               
                    35              Must be complete on or before              
                                    circuit court pre-trial                    
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                        145   
                   217              Time limits are keyed to                   
                                    certain events scheduled in                
                                    court, generally pretrials                 
                                                                               
                    45              Complete at time of preliminary            
                                    exam. No agreements after pre-             
                                    trial in circuit court                     
                                                                               
                   175              Generally, up to the contested             
                                    omnibus hearing                            
                                                                               
                   112              Prior to trial                             
                                                                               
                   227              No deals after summons for jury            
                                    (about 7 days prior to trial)              
                                                                               
                   103              3 weeks in advance of trial                
                                                                               
                    85              Written plea offer with non-               
                                    negotiable deadline                        
                                                                               
                   261              For felony cases any plea offer            
                                    remains open until day of                  
                                    preliminary hearing. After                 
                                    that, new plea negotiations are            
                                    conducted depending on results             
                                    of preliminary hearings                    
                                                                               
                    77              No negotiation after jury                  
                                    selection commences                        
                                                                               
                    22              Preferably before preliminary              
                                    hearing and at least the                   
                                    Wednesday before a jury trial              
                                                                               
                   130              Plea offer must be accepted by             
                                    first trial date; otherwise                
                                    with few exceptions, defendant             
                                    must plea to entire indictment             
                                                                               
                   214              Before indictment                          
                                                                               
                   286              Generally, all plea                        
                                    negotiations must be concluded             
                                    prior to indictment                        
                                                                               
                     1              Prior to trial preparation                 
                                                                               
                   202              Must be complete 7 days prior to trial     
                                                                               
                   150              No plea bargain offer is                   
                                    continued after court conducts             
                                    a pre-trial conference usually             
                                                                               
            146                                                               
                                    30 days prior to trial                     
                                                                               
                   285              Cut-off as of pre-trial conference         
                                                                               
                    17              Local court rules require plea             
                                    agreements be presented to                 
                                    court five days before trial               
                                                                               
                    92              Prior to jury selection                    
                                                                               
                   165              Unless newly discovered                    
                                    evidence or defense                        
                                    cooperation, plea must be taken            
                                    before indictment is handed up             
                                                                               
                   198              Once jury selection begins - no            
                                    plea negotiation                           
                                                                               
                   281              Prior to disposition docket                
                                                                               
                   226              Offers increase if accepted                
                                    after preliminary hearing,                 
                                    negotiations end 10 days before            
                                    jury trial                                 
                                                                               
                   241              Generally - before trial starts            
                                                                               
                   225              No negotiation after jury trial            
                                    call docket                                
                                                                               
                   100              Within 49 days of initial                  
                                    appearance upon the formal                 
                                    charging document                          
                                                                               
                   171              By statute within 35 days of               
                                    arraignment                                
                                                                               
                   113              Plea negotiations can take                 
                                    place up to the time a case is             
                                    assigned for trial. Beyond that            
                                    time the defendant must plea to a          
                                    greater charge than originally offered     
                                    or to an increased penalty sanction        
                                                                               
                    15              Prior to entry of not guilty plea          
                                                                               
                   121              Must be completed in pre-trial             
                                    conference                                 
                                                                               
                   120              One week before trial                      
                                                                               
                   193              Plea must be entered prior to listing      
                                    for trial week                             
                                                                               
                                                                        147   
                                                                               
                    31              Negotiations must be completed before      
                                    the case is attached for trial in a        
                                    courtroom                                  
                                                                               
                    84              Prior to call of trial list                
                                                                               
                   262              Negotiation must be completed              
                                    prior to case being placed on trial        
                                                                               
                    36              Before trial date                          
                                                                               
                   282              No negotiation after deadline              
                                                                               
                   124              Attorney must announce to the              
                                    judge on a certain date prior              
                                    to trial whether case is for               
                                    plea or trial                              
                                                                               
                   137              An appearance date is set by               
                                    the court for the entry of                 
                                    guilty pleas, thereafter they              
                                    may be disallowed                          
                                                                               
                    56              Felonies must be reduced to                
                                    misdemeanors within 90 days of             
                                    filing                                     
                                                                               
                   252              Court sets deadline                        
                                                                               
                   245              Prior to jury selection                    
                                                                               
                    95              Up to the date that the case               
                                    announces for trial                        
                                                                               
                   260              Generally, prosecutors are to              
                                    set a date when the final offer            
                                    must be accepted. If not, case             
                                    is set for trial                           
                                                                               
                     5              Prior to pre-trial                         
                                                                               
                    75              On day of trial unless special             
                                    circumstances defendant not in             
                                    custody or on bond                         
                                                                               
                    97              Pleas must be accepted or                  
                                    rejected by the Thursday before trial      
                                                                               
                   274              Try to cut off plea                        
                                    negotiations the Thursday                  
                                    before trial                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
            148                                                               
                   211              Plea offer is retracted by the             
                                    state during week prior to trial week      
                                                                               
                   177              48 hours prior to trial in jury            
                                    cases, 24 hours for bench trials           
                                                                               
                   139              Usually one day prior to trial             
                                                                               
                    20              Before pre-trial hearing (which            
                                    is 10 days before trial)                   
                                                                               
                   201              Cut off is the setting of a                
                                    trial date following omnibus               
                                    calendar stage                             
                                                                        149   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE  12 ***                         
                                    Q.24d: Other - Specify                     
                                                                               
                                                                               
                 V4:ICPSR SEQ                                                  
                 ID NUMBER                       ENTRY                         
                                                                               
                   246              Lower court pleas by information           
                                                                               
                    16              Indictment first                           
                                                                               
                    25              Cases presented to grand jury              
                                    without first obtaining a lower            
                                    court warrant                              
                                                                               
                   186              Direct submissions                         
                                                                               
                   152              City courts                                
                                                                               
                   180              By information following                   
                                    defendants waiver of indictment            
                                                                               
                    22              Grand jury to district court               
                                                                               
                   196              Central intake office -                    
                                    criminal case manager's office             
                                                                               
                   216              Original investigations                    
                                    presented directly to the grand jury       
                                                                               
                   237              By pass lower court and                    
                                    initiate felony case in upper              
                                    court via indictment alone                 
                                                                               
                   243              Grand jury presentment                     
            150                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE  13 ***                         
                                  Q.27(a)9: Other - Specify                    
                                                                               
                                                                               
                 V4:ICPSR SEQ                                                  
                 ID NUMBER                       ENTRY                         
                                                                               
                   166              Race                                       
                                                                               
                   291              Law enforcement background,                
                                    prior jury experience                      
                                                                               
                   147              Information about prior jury               
                                    service and attorney                       
                                    representation                             
                                                                               
                    34              City of residence                          
                                                                               
                   223              Children, ages of children                 
                                                                               
                   287              Criminal history                           
                                                                               
                   140              Employment                                 
                                                                               
                    93              Employment                                 
                                                                               
                   142              Victim of crime, prior jury                
                                    experience, suits pending in court         
                                                                               
                    64              Whether victim of any crime                
                                                                               
                   224              Race and sex                               
                                                                               
                    69              In some cases criminal histories           
                                                                               
                   173              Whether previously involved in a court     
                                    case                                       
                                                                               
                    38              Knowledge of court personnel, police       
                                    officers                                   
                                                                               
                   297              Some opinion questions                     
                                                                               
                   242              Length of residence in county, children    
                                    and ages, prior jury service, prior        
                                    court appearance, victim of previous       
                                    crime, connection to insurance co.,        
                                    relation to law enforcement officers,      
                                                                               
                                                                        151   
                                    physical handicaps                         
                                                                               
                    78              Church affiliation, prior jury service     
                                                                               
                   158              Prior service, health, knowledge of        
                                    other victims or person charged            
                                                                               
                   183              Our questionnaires have extensive          
                                    general questions concerning the           
                                    individual                                 
                                                                               
                    74              Prior felony convictions,                  
                                    involvement in civil litigation            
                                                                               
                    67              Jury experience                            
                                                                               
                   126              Felony convictions, drivers                
                                    license, prior jury service                
                                                                               
                   248              Time resided in county                     
                                                                               
                    26              Previous involvement in a lawsuit          
                                                                               
                   186              Relieved on morning of trial               
                                                                               
                   280              Previous contact with courts -             
                                    civil or criminal                          
                                                                               
                   159              Criminal record, traffic cases             
                                                                               
                   268              Criminal record, traffic cases             
                                                                               
                    13              Religion, prior jury experience            
                                                                               
                    70              Years in community                         
                                                                               
                   249              Previous court experience                  
                                    children's names and ages                  
                                                                               
                   238              Participation in legal system,             
                                    past government office held,               
                                    property ownership, driving status         
                                                                               
                   180              If ever served on a jury before            
                                                                               
                   227              Number of children, how long in            
                                    community, prior jury duty                 
                                                                               
                   134              Employment                                 
                                                                               
                   205              Prior jury experience: relation            
                                    to a law enforcement officer;              
                                    drives a car; length employed              
                                                                               
            152                                                               
                                                                               
                   172              Prior jury service                         
                                                                               
                   133              Felony convictions                         
                                                                               
                    77              Statutory eligibility                      
                                                                               
                    22              Prior civil and criminal jury              
                                    duty, convictions of relatives,            
                                    association with law enforcement           
                                                                               
                   161              Friends or relatives in law                
                                    enforcement. Prior jury service            
                                                                               
                   261              Medical conditions that may                
                                    affect ability to serve as                 
                                    juror: relatives and other                 
                                    connections with law                       
                                    enforcement or prosecutor or courts        
                                                                               
                   216              Town of residence (not complete address)   
                                                                               
                    15              Attorney's name, physician,                
                                    been sued, been victim, know               
                                    police, drive auto                         
                                                                               
                   107              Jury experience                            
                                                                               
                   110              Prior jury service                         
                                                                               
                   167              Prior criminal history, mental/physical    
                                    impairments, prior jury duty               
                                                                               
                    36              Sex, prior jury duty, race                 
                                                                               
                    95              Criminal record, prior jury service        
                                                                               
                   118              Local criminal record                      
                                                                               
                   237              Criminal record                            
                                                                               
                    48              Jury experience, court experience          
                                                                               
                   239              Attorneys, criminal history, jury          
                                    service                                    
                                                                               
                   225              Local records check                        
                                                                               
                   259              Prior service, name of                     
                                    attorney, prior residence,                 
                                    felony convictions                         
                                                                               
                   278              Prior record, request for excusal          
                                                                               
                                                                        153   
                                                                               
                   129              Criminal record                            
                                                                               
                   155              Employer, prior service, party to suits    
                                                                               
                   262              Previous jury service, criminal history    
                                                                               
                   279              Prior criminal record                      
                                                                               
                   116              Employer, prior service, party to suits    
                                                                               
                   284              Employer, prior service, party to suits    
                                                                               
                   243              Criminal history                           
                                                                               
                    11              Past jury service                          
                                                                               
                   245              Religious preferences                      
                                                                               
                    97              Previous jury service                      
                                                                               
                    27              Prior jury service, knowledge              
                                    of witness in case to be tried             
                                                                               
                    61              Religious preferences,                     
                                    employer, number of years in county        
                                                                               
                   101              Prior involvement with legal               
                                    system, number of children,                
                                    prior jury service, special                
                                    interests, skills, relatives in            
                                    law enforcement                            
                                                                               
                    57              Disabilities, criminal record              
                                                                               
                    82              Various background                         
                                                                               
                   228              Prior experience in court as               
                                    party or juror, accident                   
                                    injuries, victim of crime                  
            154                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE  14 ***                         
                                   Q.28(3): Other - Specify                    
                                                                               
                                                                               
                 V4:ICPSR SEQ                                                  
                 ID NUMBER                       ENTRY                         
                                                                               
                   121              Jury clerk                                 
                                                                        155   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE  15 ***                         
                                Q.32, code 5: Other - Specify                  
                                                                               
                                                                               
                 V4:ICPSR SEQ                                                  
                 ID NUMBER                       ENTRY                         
                                                                               
                    39              Witness liaisons                           
                                                                               
                   192              Clerk of superior court                    
                                                                               
                   237              In addition to the court                   
                                    issuing subpoenas, a victim-               
                                    witness coordinator in D.A.'s              
                                    office also contacts witnesses             
                                    and keeps most on a standby                
                                    status so as to inconvenience the          
                                    least amount                               
                                                                               
                   132              County sheriff                             
                                                                               
                    75              Process server of the court                
                                                                               
                   244              Witnesses are subpoenaed, but              
                                    are notified by this office as             
                                    to time to be there                        
            156                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE  16 ***                         
                     Q.33a: What type of felony matter(s)? Please specify      
                                                                               
                                                                               
                 V4:ICPSR SEQ                                                  
                 ID NUMBER           ENTRY                                     
                                                                               
                    29              All                                        
                                                                               
                   291              All                                        
                                                                               
                   147              All                                        
                                                                               
                   182              All                                        
                                                                               
                   143              All                                        
                                                                               
                   292              All                                        
                                                                               
                   276              All                                        
                                                                               
                    96              All                                        
                                                                               
                    43              All                                        
                                                                               
                    46              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                   122              All                                        
                                                                               
                    80              All                                        
                                                                               
                    34              All                                        
                                                                               
                   163              All                                        
                                                                               
                    58              All                                        
                                                                               
                   119              All                                        
                                                                               
                    16              All                                        
                                                                               
                   236              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                   106              All                                        
                                                                               
                    24              All                                        
                                                                               
                   195              All                                        
                                                                               
                                                                        157   
                                                                               
                   144              All                                        
                                                                               
                    71              All                                        
                                                                               
                   288              All                                        
                                                                               
                   215              All                                        
                                                                               
                    51              All                                        
                                                                               
                   223              All                                        
                                                                               
                   220              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                    89              All                                        
                                                                               
                     6              All                                        
                                                                               
                   269              All                                        
                                                                               
                    39              All                                        
                                                                               
                   206              All                                        
                                                                               
                   287              All                                        
                                                                               
                   294              All felony cases                           
                                                                               
                   203              All                                        
                                                                               
                   275              All                                        
                                                                               
                   300              All                                        
                                                                               
                   222              All felony cases                           
                                                                               
                   254              All                                        
                                                                               
                   204              All                                        
                                                                               
                   263              All                                        
                                                                               
                   154              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                   128              All                                        
                                                                               
                   140              All                                        
                                                                               
                    93              All                                        
                                                                               
                   234              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
            158                                                               
                    68              All                                        
                                                                               
                   136              All where defendant is in jail             
                                    without bond                               
                                                                               
                   229              All where defendant files a                
                                    statutory demand for speedy trial          
                                                                               
                   117              All                                        
                                                                               
                   142              All                                        
                                                                               
                    69              Any in which defendant files a             
                                    demand for speedy trial                    
                                                                               
                    64              All where defendant makes a                
                                    demand for speedy trial                    
                                                                               
                   293              All                                        
                                                                               
                   157              All                                        
                                                                               
                   176              All                                        
                                                                               
                     3              All                                        
                                                                               
                   212              All                                        
                                                                               
                   185              All                                        
                                                                               
                   146              All                                        
                                                                               
                   290              All                                        
                                                                               
                   173              All                                        
                                                                               
                   115              All felony matters                         
                                                                               
                    44              All                                        
                                                                               
                    38              All                                        
                                                                               
                   297              All                                        
                                                                               
                   289              All                                        
                                                                               
                   242              All                                        
                                                                               
                    78              All                                        
                                                                               
                   158              Any felony                                 
                                                                               
                   123              All                                        
                                                                               
                                                                        159   
                                                                               
                   183              All                                        
                                                                               
                    74              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                     2              All                                        
                                                                               
                    67              All                                        
                                                                               
                   126              All                                        
                                                                               
                    12              All                                        
                                                                               
                   151              All                                        
                                                                               
                   194              All                                        
                                                                               
                   248              All felony matters                         
                                                                               
                    70              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                   160              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                    18              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                    26              All                                        
                                                                               
                   153              All                                        
                                                                               
                   127              Any felony                                 
                                                                               
                    21              All                                        
                                                                               
                   152              All types                                  
                                                                               
                   168              All                                        
                                                                               
                   213              All                                        
                                                                               
                   104              All                                        
                                                                               
                   271              All                                        
                                                                               
                   230              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                   190              All                                        
                                                                               
                   238              All types depending on                     
                                    custodial status                           
                                                                               
                    35              All                                        
                                                                               
                   217              All                                        
                                                                               
            160                                                               
                                                                               
                    45              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                   199              All                                        
                                                                               
                   200              All                                        
                                                                               
                    59              All                                        
                                                                               
                   175              All where defendant requests a             
                                    speedy trial                               
                                                                               
                   209              All                                        
                                                                               
                   114              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                     7              All felonies upon demand                   
                                                                               
                   299              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                   188              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                   112              All                                        
                                                                               
                    13              All                                        
                                                                               
                   180              All                                        
                                                                               
                   227              All                                        
                                                                               
                   283              All                                        
                                                                               
                   174              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                   172              All                                        
                                                                               
                     9              All speedy trial. Disposition              
                                    of detainers                               
                                                                               
                   277              All felony prosecutions except             
                                    for murder or class A felonies             
                                                                               
                   131              All                                        
                                                                               
                   133              All                                        
                                                                               
                   240              All                                        
                                                                               
                   161              All                                        
                                                                               
                   295              All                                        
                                                                               
                   261              All                                        
                                                                               
                                                                        161   
                                                                               
                    77              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                    22              All felony cases                           
                                                                               
                   232              All                                        
                                                                               
                   141              All where defendant is brought             
                                    to state under interstate                  
                                    agreement detainers                        
                                                                               
                   196              All                                        
                                                                               
                   285              All felony matters                         
                                                                               
                   270              All                                        
                                                                               
                   273              All cases                                  
                                                                               
                    17              All                                        
                                                                               
                   108              All                                        
                                                                               
                    92              All but homicide offenses                  
                                                                               
                   250              All cases except homicide                  
                                                                               
                   135              All                                        
                                                                               
                   214              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                   165              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                   111              All except murder and                      
                                    manslaughter                               
                                                                               
                   208              All cases other than homicide              
                                                                               
                   253              All                                        
                                                                               
                   265              All felony cases                           
                                                                               
                   239              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                   202              All                                        
                                                                               
                   255              All                                        
                                                                               
                   138              All                                        
                                                                               
                   256              All where defendant in custody             
                                                                               
                   266              All when a defendant is brought            
                                                                               
            162                                                               
                                    in on a detainer from another state        
                                                                               
                   226              Revocations                                
                                                                               
                   100              All where defendant incarcerated           
                                                                               
                   257              All in-custody felons                      
                                                                               
                    15              All where defendants are in custody        
                                                                               
                    81              All                                        
                                                                               
                   164              All                                        
                                                                               
                    88              All                                        
                                                                               
                    32              All where defendant is under               
                                    jurisdiction pursuant to an                
                                    interstate detainer                        
                                                                               
                   110              All in which speedy trial                  
                                    request is made                            
                                                                               
                   129              All cases                                  
                                                                               
                   171              All-white defendant in custody             
                                                                               
                   113              All                                        
                                                                               
                   259              All                                        
                                                                               
                   109              All where defendant incarcerated           
                                                                               
                   121              All                                        
                                                                               
                    41              All                                        
                                                                               
                    60              All                                        
                                                                               
                    65              All                                        
                                                                               
                   278              All                                        
                                                                               
                   120              All                                        
                                                                               
                   193              All                                        
                                                                               
                    31              All                                        
                                                                               
                   145              All                                        
                                                                               
                   241              All                                        
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                        163   
                   178              All                                        
                                                                               
                    84              All                                        
                                                                               
                   167              All                                        
                                                                               
                    36              All                                        
                                                                               
                   282              All cases                                  
                                                                               
                    50              All cases involving extradition            
                                    and detainers                              
                                                                               
                    98              All extradited felons                      
                                                                               
                   137              All felony cases                           
                                                                               
                   132              All interstate compact felons              
                                                                               
                   243              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                    10              All                                        
                                                                               
                    56              All felonies where defendant               
                                    requests speedy trial through              
                                    interstate agreement                       
                                                                               
                   189              All cases involving extradition            
                                    and detainers                              
                                                                               
                   211              All                                        
                                                                               
                    28              All felonies when subject is in            
                                    prison and files a 120 day                 
                                    demand for disposition                     
                                                                               
                    57              All                                        
                                                                               
                   207              All felony cases                           
                                                                               
                    55              Speedy trial motions                       
                                                                               
                    72              All                                        
                                                                               
                    63              All                                        
                                                                               
                   102              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                   258              All                                        
                                                                               
                   156              All                                        
                                                                               
                   177              All                                        
                                                                               
            164                                                               
                                                                               
                    62              All                                        
                                                                               
                    20              All                                        
                                                                               
                   201              All felonies                               
                                                                               
                    82              All                                        
                                                                               
                    23              All                                        
                                                                               
                   228              All                                        
                                                                        165   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE  17 ***                         
                      Q.33c3: From other applicable stage. Specify stage       
                                                                               
                                                                               
                 V4: ICPSR SEQ                                                 
                 ID NUMBER                       ENTRY                         
                                                                               
                   276              Service of initial summons                 
                                                                               
                    96              Initial appearance, arraignment            
                                                                               
                   291              Arraignment                                
                                                                               
                    58              Arraignment in superior court              
                                                                               
                    16              From filing in superior court              
                                                                               
                   236              From filing information in                 
                                    superior court                             
                                                                               
                   144              Arraignment after preliminary hearing      
                                                                               
                    71              Arraignment                                
                                                                               
                   288              Plea                                       
                                                                               
                   215              Entry of plea                              
                                                                               
                    51              From entry of plea                         
                                                                               
                   143              Plea                                       
                                                                               
                   223              From plea of not guilty                    
                                                                               
                   220              Entry of plea                              
                                                                               
                   292              Request for speedy trial                   
                                                                               
                   269              Demand for discharge after 175 day         
                                    period                                     
                                                                               
                   206              Notice to appear if no arrest              
                                                                               
                   300              Demand for speedy trial                    
                                                                               
                   229              Filing of demand                           
                                                                               
                    69              From filing of demand                      
                                                                               
            166                                                               
                                                                               
                    64              From date of demand                        
                                                                               
                   157              Filing of a demand for trial               
                                                                               
                   212              Bond incarceration to trial                
                                                                               
                   289              Speedy trial request                       
                                                                               
                   242              Speedy trial request by defendant          
                                                                               
                   158              From request for speedy trial              
                                                                               
                   183              Motion for speedy trial                    
                                                                               
                   151              Arraignment                                
                                                                               
                   194              Arraignment                                
                                                                               
                   248              Arraignment                                
                                                                               
                    70              Arraignment                                
                                                                               
                   160              Arraignment                                
                                                                               
                    18              Arraignment                                
                                                                               
                    26              Arraignment                                
                                                                               
                   152              Commission of offense                      
                                                                               
                   104              Appearance of counselor,                   
                                    1st appearance in court                    
                                                                               
                   230              The earlier or 1) circuit court            
                                    arraignment or 2) appearance of counsel    
                                                                               
                   217              Sentenced to Dept. of Corrections          
                                                                               
                   200              Speedy trial demand or not guilty plea     
                                                                               
                    59              Demand by defense or prosecution           
                                                                               
                   175              From not guilty plea                       
                                                                               
                   209              Omnibus hearing (probable cause hearing)   
                                                                               
                   114              Plea                                       
                                                                               
                     7              Demand                                     
                                                                               
                   299              From arraignment in circuit court          
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                        167   
                   188              Arraignment                                
                                                                               
                   112              Arraignment                                
                                                                               
                    13              Arraignment                                
                                                                               
                   180              Arraignment                                
                                                                               
                   227              Arraignment                                
                                                                               
                   283              Arraignment                                
                                                                               
                   174              Arraignment                                
                                                                               
                   172              Request from defendant                     
                                                                               
                   277              Date offense committed                     
                                                                               
                   131              Entry of plea                              
                                                                               
                   240              After entry of plea                        
                                                                               
                    22              Arraignment on charges                     
                                                                               
                   141              Arrival in state on state's                
                                    request. Receipt of demand by defendant    
                                                                               
                   273              Arraignment                                
                                                                               
                   165              Commencement of criminal action            
                                                                               
                   266              Arrival in jurisdiction                    
                                                                               
                    32              From date of extradition                   
                                                                               
                   113              From the time DA is notified               
                                                                               
                   132              From day detainer is placed by state       
                                                                               
                    28              From notice of filing of 120               
                                    day demand for disposition                 
                                                                               
                    57              Preliminary hearing                        
                                                                               
                   207              Finding of probable cause                  
                                                                               
                    55              Indictment                                 
                                                                               
                    72              Preliminary hearing/indictment             
                                                                               
                    63              Preliminary hearing                        
                                                                               
                   102              From indictment or other                   
                                                                               
            168                                                               
                                    probable cause determination               
                                                                               
                   258              Probable cause finding                     
                                                                               
                   156              Certification to grand jury by             
                                    lower court                                
                                                                               
                    62              Preliminary hearing                        
                                                                               
                    20              1st appearance in court                    
                                                                               
                    23              From demand which cannot be                
                                    made until after indictment is filed       
                                                                               
                   228              Arraignment/plea                           
                                                                               
                                                                        169   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE  18 ***                         
                               Q.36a1, code 3: Other - Specify                 
                                                                               
                 V4:ICPSR SEQ                                                  
                 ID NUMBER                       ENTRY                         
                                                                               
                   143              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                    39              Victim advocate impact statement           
                                                                               
                   294              From victim                                
                                                                               
                   222              From victim                                
                                                                               
                    78              Statute requires an impact statement       
                                                                               
                   159              Victim                                     
                                                                               
                   268              Victim                                     
                                                                               
                   104              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                   190              Required by statute                        
                                                                               
                   199              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                   114              By victim                                  
                                                                               
                   299              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                   188              Victim-witness coordinator                 
                                                                               
                   174              Victim-witness coordinator                 
                                                                               
                   261              Court directs prosecutor to get            
                                    information to pre-sentence                
                                    officer or tells victim to                 
                                    correspond with presentence officer        
                                                                               
                   130              Probation department                       
                                                                               
                   298              Victims impact statement                   
                                                                               
                   202              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                   113              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                   259              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                                                                               
            170                                                               
                    60              Victim witness advocates                   
                                                                               
                    84              Victim witness coordinator                 
                                                                               
                    32              From victim                                
                                                                               
                    86              Victim/witness advocate                    
                                                                               
                   181              Victim/witness advocate                    
                                                                               
                   167              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                   282              Victim assistance                          
                                                                               
                   124              Victim-witness coordinator                 
                                    supplies information to prosecutor         
                                                                               
                    37              Probation officer                          
                                                                               
                   264              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                   207              Victim/witness coordinator                 
                                                                               
                   102              Probation report                           
                                                                               
                   177              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                    23              Victim in court                            
                                                                        171   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE  19 ***                         
                               Q.36b1, code 3: Other - Specify                 
                                                                               
                                                                               
                 V4:ICPSR SEQ                                                  
                 ID NUMBER                       ENTRY                         
                                                                               
                   246              In pre-sentence report, by                 
                                    prosecutor and through a victim            
                                    impact statement                           
                                                                               
                   106              Probation department                       
                                                                               
                    39              Victim advocate                            
                                                                               
                   294              Directly from victim                       
                                                                               
                   203              Victim appearance                          
                                                                               
                   222              Directly from victim                       
                                                                               
                   263              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                   242              Always in pre-sentence report              
                                    and sometimes by prosecutor also           
                                                                               
                   186              By victim                                  
                                                                               
                   159              Victim                                     
                                                                               
                   268              Victim                                     
                                                                               
                   104              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                   190              By victim in writing or verbally           
                                                                               
                   199              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                   114              Probation report                           
                                                                               
                   188              Victim/witness coordinator                 
                                                                               
                   227              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                   283              Victim/witness coordinator                 
                                                                               
                   174              Victim/witness coordinator                 
                                                                               
                                                                               
            172                                                               
                    22              Victim have right to make                  
                                    statement in court except in               
                                    death penalty cases                        
                                                                               
                   130              Probation department                       
                                                                               
                   149              Victim-witness coordinator                 
                                                                               
                   298              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                   296              Probation officer                          
                                                                               
                   202              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                   113              In both the pre-sentence report            
                                    and via DA re: restitution                 
                                                                               
                   259              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                    60              Victim/witness advocate                    
                                                                               
                    65              By victim                                  
                                                                               
                    32              By victim                                  
                                                                               
                    86              Victim/witness advocate                    
                                                                               
                   181              Victim/witness advocate                    
                                                                               
                   167              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                   282              Victim assistance                          
                                                                               
                     5              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                   211              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                   221              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                   264              Victim                                     
                                                                               
                    57              Victim impact statement                    
                                    prepared by probation officer              
                                                                               
                   207              Victim/witness coordinator                 
                                                                               
                   102              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                   177              Victim impact statement                    
                                                                               
                    23              Victim in court                            
                                                                        173   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE  20 ***                         
                                   Q.43(d): Other - Specify                    
                                                                               
                                                                               
                 V4:ICPSR SEQ                                                  
                 ID NUMBER                       ENTRY                         
                                                                               
                   154              Discharges on habeas corpus,               
                                    discharges on speedy trial                 
                                    grounds, adjudication of                   
                                    insanity or incompetency                   
                                                                               
                   185              Post-conviction proceedings                
                                                                               
                   123              The appeal depends upon the                
                                    motion ruled upon. If the                  
                                    motion is a motion which                   
                                    disposes of the case, then an              
                                    appeal can be taken, otherwise not.        
                                                                               
                   239              Appellate rulings                          
                                                                               
                   160              Granting of a new trial for                
                                    conviction of "A" or "B"                   
                                    felonies                                   
                                                                               
                    45              Can appeal acquittal-will not              
                                    effect outcome                             
                                                                               
                   200              Post-conviction proceedings                
                                                                               
                    13              Judgments of acquittal on                  
                                    questions of law cross appeal              
                                    (where defendant appeals conviction)       
                                                                               
                    22              From granting a writ of habeas corpus      
                                                                               
                   255              Issues of law even if defendant            
                                    acquitted by leave of court                
                                                                               
                   225              Reserved questions of law if               
                                    the defendant is acquitted                 
                                                                               
                    66              Dismissal of indictments                   
                                                                               
                    55              From issues involving                      
                                    constitutional law rulings                 
                                                                               
                                                                               
            174                                                               
                   201             Dismissal                                   
                                                                        175   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE  21 ***                         
                                        Notes Section                          
                                                                               
                                                                               
                 V4:ICPSR SEQ                                                  
                 ID NUMBER                       ENTRY                         
                                                                               
                    90              For question #29 - this                    
                                    jurisdiction uses a formula for            
                                    peremptory challenges (number              
                                    of potential jurors - number               
                                    selected divided by two for each side)     
                                                                               
                                    Each side gets that # of challenges        
                                                                               
                    25              Question 21c is 1/10 of 1%                 
                                                                               
                                    Question 29 -  State name suppressed       
                                    uses a formula for peremptory              
                                    challenges (number of potential            
                                    jurors - number selected                   
                                    divided by two for each side)              
                                                                               
                    80              For question 21 a & c are less than 1%     
                                                                               
                   163              Question 28 - prior to 6-5-90,             
                                    both court and attorneys                   
                                    conducted juror examinations.              
                                    They are now done by the court             
                                                                               
                   119              Grand jury was reinstated June             
                                    of 1990, but brought no cases              
                                    to the court during the fiscal year        
                                                                               
                   106              Question #21 - have a grand                
                                    jury but used less than 1% of the cases    
                                                                               
                   128              Question 21 is an estimate                 
                                                                               
                   275              Question 21 is rounded with b              
                                    rounded to 0 from 0.1%                     
                                                                               
                   300              Question 21 and 24 are estimates           
                                                                               
                    68              Question 21 is an estimate                 
                                                                               
                     3              All jurisdictions within the               
                                    state of  state name suppressed            
                                    are entitled to                            
                                                                               
            176                                                               
                                    use the grand jury system but              
                                    in actuality only the 3 largest            
                                    counties exercise the option               
                                                                               
                   152              For question #29 the number of             
                                    challenges depends on the jury             
                                    size - 6 allowed for 6 person              
                                    juries and 12 allowed for 12               
                                    person juries                              
                                                                               
                   168              For question 29 - the number of            
                                    challenges depends on jury size            
                                    - 6 per side for 6 person                  
                                    juries and 12 per side for 12              
                                    person juries                              
                                                                               
                   190              For question #29 - challenges              
                                    are permitted for most felonies            
                                    although one extra challenge is            
                                    permitted for each juror over              
                                    12 (up to 14)                              
                                                                               
                   113              Question 21c is less than 1%               
                                    (rounded to 0)                             
                                                                               
                                    Question 24b and 24c are estimates         
                                                                               
                   201              Question 33d is an estimate                
                                                                               
                                                                               
                    1               No bench trials                            
                                                                               
                   197              No bench trials                            
                                                                               
                   170              No bench trials                            
                                                                               
                   118              No bench trials                            
                                                                               
                   192              No bench trials                            
                                                                               
                   149              No bench trials                            
                                                                               
                    49              No bench trials                            
                                                                               
                   231              No bench trials                            
                                                                               
                   198              No bench trials                            
                                                                               
                   237              No bench trials                            
                                                                        177   
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                      *** NOTE  22 ***                         
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                  Jurisdictions for Which an                   
                               Annual Report Was Not Available                 
                                                                               
                Annual reports were not available for the following            
                jurisdictions (identified by V4, ICPSR SEQ ID NUMBER): 246,    
                138, 43, 257, 34, 259, 236, 107, 106, 86, 71, 181, 288, 262,   
                223, 252, 6, 137, 206, 177, 204, 63, 136, 102, 69, 258, 64,    
                62, 290, 4, 115, 297, 78, 74, 2, 152, 190, 174, 134, 295,      
                251, 267, 208, 237                                             
                                                                               
